Koko Face Yoga | Face Posture Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face Yoga Featured atKEEPING UP WITH THE KARDASHIANS Featured at “Shark Tank“! Koko Face Yoga transforms your face in just 3min/day. Kim Kardashian tweeted “pretty legit.“ Face yoga app Face Yoga Before & After See other before/after photos Born and grown up in Japan where Face Yoga has been popular, Koko Hayashi has been practicing Face Yoga over a decade and started teaching since 2018. (A study shows it works!) Her clients include Kim Kardashian and class was selected as the most popular yoga class at The Yoga Expo 2019. Free Face Yoga YouTube Voted #1 popular yoga class at The Yoga Expo Los Angeles CIDESCO License Holder (most internationally respected aesthetic license)20M views in total at YouTube Reviews on Google Business Appeared at: Shark Tank, Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Good Morning America, Fox News, CBS News, and more!Collaborated with: California Skin Institute, Dr. Yoko Beauty Terrace Clinic, Dr. Carolyn Candido, LinkedIn, Goop, Athleta, Popsugar, and more! Press Join our mailing list! Be the first to know about new arrivals, sales and special events. Email Address We respect your privacy. Face Yoga is a great natural solution to regain your youthful appearance! Did you know that there are 2 kinds of facial muscles? Sleeping muscles and over-working muscles. You wake up the sleeping muscles to lift up the skin, and relax over-working muscles for wrinkle reduction. In addition to the Facial Yoga Exercises, you will learn how to keep good face posture® incl tongue posture® and how to stop bad facial expression habits, which are more important than Facial Yoga exercises. You know the importance of exercising your body muscles on a regular basis and keeping good body posture, so why not care for the face? How to reduce laugh lines, frown lines between eyebrow and forehead, saggy jawlines, jowls, asymmetrical face, etc, you name it! Face Yoga is a great natural alternative to botox or plastic surgeries. (Even some plastic surgeons in Japan recommend Face Yoga exercises!) The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. When you do facial massage, you need to first wash your face, and apply skincare cream. But for Face Yoga, most of the exercises do not require any face cream or anything. All you need is your face! Once you learn how to do, you can do the exercises on the go! Ex. when you are working in front of screen, while walking, while cooking, etc. How easy is that? Incorporate those exercises into your daily routines, so it’s easy to continue. Remember, consistency is a key for success. Unlike injection or those medical beauty procedures, Face Yoga is NOT quick fix. It requires consistent training on a regular basis. But the more you master, the less exercises are needed. You would just need to keep good face posture®, tongue posture® and stop bad facial expression habits. Join the natural beauty journey with us and spread the greatness of Face Yoga together!In Japan, Face Yoga or those face related exercises are common for beauty conscious people, because it really works! So it was natural process for Koko to pick up some exercises at her 20’, s. Now she is proudly 40 years young as of 2019, and excited to be more mature in more beautiful face! Don’t you want to be excited to age like her?In fact, Koko had a plastic surgery failure at the age of 27 years old! A plastic surgeon advised her to add implant to her chin, to make it a little bit pointy and if she doesn’t like it, she can have it removed easily and the area would go back to its original shape. That’s when she realized the importance of face exercise. So she did it, didn’t like it and had it removed, but as you guessed, it did not go back to its original normal shape. Her chin got slightly distorted and tilted to a side. Of course, huge regret! That’s when she realized that she should have pursued natural beauty method such as Face Yoga!Anyway, she moved to the States to introduce the greatness of Face Yoga at the age of 37. Soon after that, she already gained high profile clients such as Kim Kardashian. Her media appearance include not just “Keeping Up With The Kardashians“, but also “Shark Tank“, “Good Morning America”, “Fox“, “CBS“, “Popsugar“, “Vogue“, “Magic for Humans“ at Netflix and more! Still suspicious? There is even real science study about Face Yoga. In 2018, Northwestern University proved that Facial exercise work to improve the appearance of facial aging process. Did we forget to tell you that Koko has a beauty therapist license CIDESCO, the most prestigious international therapist license?Let us explain which areas that Face Yoga can improve one by one.Warm up: Before you do any body exercises, you do warm up exercise. The same thing applies to the face. By vibrate the cheeks as much as possible, you can relax many facial muscles, because lips are core muscles for the face and a lot of muscles are started from the lips. So by relaxing the core muscles, other facial muscles are relaxed too. Why do you need to relax the facial muscles? When facial muscles get tense, they become less elastic, shorter, harder and show as wrinkles and/or asymmetrical face. But it is hard to relax the facial muscles, because facial muscles are close to the brains. As long as you are nervous, stressed, or concerned at something, the stress is transmitted to the facial muscles and they get tense. But this way, you can force your facial muscles to relax physically.Before we move to part exercises, we would like to talk about face posture®. Do you notice that more mature people show grumpy face than the younger. The mouth corners start sagging with age, and show as grumpy face. Then even if you are not grumpy, the brain misunderstands that you are grumpy. Now you are officially grumpy… Face posture® basics #1, keep tiny smile. Lift the corners of the mouth just a little to make them in a straight line or just a little bit higher within 5 degree up. If the angles are too high, you cannot continue and the skin gets stretch too much, which can result in wrinkles and sagging. Face posture® basics #2, tongue posture®. When your face is resting, where is your tongue? It’s touched on the upper chin (palate/pallet), swinging around in the middle, or on the lower chin? The answer is upper chin. It should be attached to the upper chin. If the tongue is not touched to the upper chin, your lower face is pulling all the muscles and skin down, which results in sagging. Actually, your tongue should be not just touched to the upper chin, but fully touched. In other words, 1/3 back of the tongue should be touched to the upper chin in flat. This “flat“ is important. Many people already have a habit to keep their tongues touched to the upper chin, but not in flat. There is usually gap between tongue and the palate. This is wrong. There should NOT be gap between them, the your tongue is lifting your heavy skull up and have some tension in the cheek areas. This way, you build cheek muscles, which usually are sleeping. The tongue force should always up, not down. Hard to keep the position? Keep good body posture, tuck your chin a bit, and place tip of the tongue after the upper teeth, and say “Nnnnn“. If that is still difficult, place tip of the tongue after speed bump. It is very important to feel tension on the upper chin.Face Posture® #3, in order to keep the good tongue posture®, tuck your chin just a little bit, in addition to having good body posture. When your body is not in good posture, it is impossible to have good tongue posture®. By tucking your chin just a little bit, it is easier for you to keep the tongue sucked to the palate.Face Posture® #4, avoid Teeth Contacting Habit a.k.a. TCH. TCH is a condition that upper and lower teeth are touching each other when your face is resting. Some dentists in Japan say TCH is worse than grinding, which results in TMJ pain (Temporomandibular joint syndrome). Grinding is a big cause of TMJ pain, but that happens only a limited period of time . Whereas, if TCH is happening all the time, it is way longer than grinding, even though the force is lighter than grinding. So it is important not to do TCH when your face is resting. How to do? Just be aware that the upper and lower teeth are not touching each other and there is very tiny gap in between all the time. When TMJ pain occurs, it is very likely that your jaw muscles are over developed and you might have square shaped face, instead of heart-shaped.Face Posture® #5, stop frowning between the eyebrows. The easiest way to fix this naturally is to be aware of it all the time. You can do some face shiatsu technique to iron out the lines when you apply skincare cream, but basically it is critical to pay attention to the area when you make various facial expressions. Funny tip! tape it. If you tape the area, when you make wrinkles, the tape tells you that you are causing lines between the brows. This is an interesting training method. Try to reduce tension in the inner eye corners as well. That helps relax the muscles around eyes and eyebrows both.Face Posture equals mind posture. There is no way to be depressed when your face posture is good! Face and brain are so close and connected. Next let’s talk about neck. Double chin is one of the common concerns for many people. Due to excessive use of phone, more people look down for a longer time and are receiving more gravity than ever. Once a day, twice or even more, look and stretch the neck according to Koko Face Yoga. Double chin one of the easier fixes by Face Yoga. Concerned at turkey neck? Try the exercise more. A lot of exercises can be done anytime anywhere, but for those neck exercises, we suggest you do when you go to restroom and sit down on a toilet! Do not do while driving lol.One of some areas that people might not pay much attention but Koko does is cheeks. With age, cheek muscles melt down and the face can look older. With fuller, high cheeks on cheekbones, you look much younger and fresh. We offer outer, middle, and inner cheek lift exercises + by keeping good face posture®, there is no way that you will have cheek melt down syndrome. There are 3 points that you should always try to lift up, the corners of the eyes, cheeks and the corners of the mouth.How about jaw lines? Wether you have chubby cheeks or skinny cheeks, saggy cheeks are a common aging concern. There are multiple exercises you can do, but for example, anti-bulldog is our favorite. When Koko was working in Tokyo, every time she goes to restroom, she was doing it. Then she got heart-shaped face, instead of chubby cheeks as the before/after photos show. If you do those, + keeping good face posture, there is no way that you will be concerned at saggy cheeks. Making cheeks sharper and tone is one of the easiest by face yoga.Concerned at laugh line, smile lines or nasolabial fold lines? No problem. Iron out the tense muscles from inside of the mouth by using your tongue. This easy trick is very popular in Japan. In fact, tongue exercise might be more popular than face yoga there, because it gives quick result. You do not have to spend for expensive filler to fill the fold, thanks to this easy, quick trick. Some people might be concerned about smiling, because they think laughing cause more lines, but if you don’t smile or laugh, the cheek melt down happens. Please note that smiling is very important to build cheek muscles. You just want to iron out the lines if you are concerned about them. BTW our method contains not just for laugh lines but for fuller lips, line reduction on the upper lip, and more!What about eye areas? It is hard to treat eye areas with injection, laser or those medical beauty procedures, because the areas are close to eye balls. Here face yoga comes. Our favorite exercise is lower eye lift up. Basically lower eyelids are sleeping muscles. It is challenging to lift up only lower eyelids without moving anywhere else. Try it! Anyway, by waking up the sleeping lower eyelid muscles, you activate the muscles around the eyes and you get defined eye look. This is not just for bigger eyes, but also reduce or prevent eye bags. The cause of eye bags is that fat around the upper eye ball starts dropping with gravity and age, and show as eye bags. So by lifting up the dropped fat to up, you will have no eye bags. We teach other face shiatsu technique to reduce/prevent tiny lines around eyes as well.Interested in more? Join our community by subscribing to our Koko Face Yoga app! New exercises with new AI (artificial intelligence) features to guide proper movements are being added on a regular basis, so stay tuned with us! View our Terms & Conditions Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Koko Face Yoga | Face Posture", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/"}
Personalized Private Sessions Online with Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Online Sessions Personalized Private SessionsOnlineLearn from Koko in a private session and have her analyze your face thoroughly about:Room for improvementYour facial expression habitsYour face posture®, etc while providing specific exercises and tips only for you! Online sessions will be done via Zoom. You will receive the link in the confirmation message sent after your purchase has been made.After the session, you will receive a link to the recorded video session within a week’s time.What to bring:We recommend that you use the Zoom’s screen on the device as a mirror, but if that’s not possible, please bring a mirror.Cup to drink (not a water bottle, but regular cup so we can easily practice How to Drink)Something small to eat (ex. nuts) Warning:Koko might face police some of your bad face posture, aka room for improvements. Don’t be offended, haha! Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Personalized Private Sessions Online with Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/sessions"}
Face Yoga | Anti Aging Beauty Products Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Purchase the AULA Pillow here. Discount code: Koko10Purchase the YourFace Pillow here. Watch the comparison here. Medical Tape 3M Durapore Silk-Like Cloth $4.50 Customized All-Over Print Women's Crew Neck T-Shirt sold out “Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets $9.95 Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark $39.97 Purchase the Myospots here Discount code: Koko10 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga | Anti Aging Beauty Products", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/products"}
Face Yoga Before & After | Face Yoga Result Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Before/After Before & After Koko has kept the same weight. Face Yoga result only in 1 year Bell’s palsy before and after Face Yoga difference only in a couple months Face Yoga difference only in a couple months Face Yoga difference only in a couple months Clinical study by Northwestern University Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Before & After | Face Yoga Result", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/beforeafter"}
Contact Our Face Yoga | Best Facial Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Contact Contact Us Name * First Name Last Name Email * Subject * Message * Thank you! Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Contact Our Face Yoga | Best Facial Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/contact"}
Apply to be an Instructor | Face Yoga Instructor Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Instructors Apply to be an Instructor! Name * First Name Last Name Email * Message * Thank you! Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Apply to be an Instructor | Face Yoga Instructor", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/instructors"}
Face Yoga Exercise Paper | Face Yoga Poses Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Yoga Poses Download here Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Exercise Paper | Face Yoga Poses", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/yoga-papers"}
Yoga For Your Face | Press — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Press Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Yoga For Your Face | Press — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/press"}
Kokos Got Talent | Beauty And Health Talent Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical face analysis Introducing our Asymmetrical Face Analysis tool! It’s a simple, fun and quick way to discover how asymmetrical you are (everyone is asymmetrical to some extent).Are you interested in sharing the results with us for the purpose of educating the solutions of asymmetrical faces? Apply to be one of our Symmetry Models* via the link below! *Only selected models will be used on our social media. Sign-up Here Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Kokos Got Talent | Beauty And Health Talent", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/asymmetrical-face-analysis"}
Koko Face Yoga | Facial Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face Yoga App, Face Yoga Want Youthful Skin? Try the Koko Hayashi Face Yoga App for Facial Exercise. A natural solution to looking younger and having better skin. Try now! Want Youthful Skin?Try the Face Yoga AppThe natural solution to looking younger and having better skin.All it takes is 3 minutes a day using our science-backed AI technology. ?autoplay=1 to Past Classes At It Really Works Guess what? Koko weighs the same in both pictures! Real results from our founder, Koko:When I was 27, I had a major plastic surgery fail. I was so unhappy with the results and wished I had tried a natural solution like Face Yoga first before going under the knife. I wanted to help others avoid the mistake I made, so I got certified to teach Face Yoga in Japan. I've been teaching this natural plastic surgery alternative in the US since 2018 and am so proud ofmy client's results! Features Safe & NaturalNo facelift needed! Face Yoga is an effective natural, non-toxic, and painless alternative to Botox®, facial filler, and plastic surgery. It Only Takes 3 Minutes a DayOur facial exercises are quick and easy. Do them anywhere, in an Uber, at your desk or wherever you like. We Work 2 Types of MusclesOur facial exercise wake up sleeping muscles to lift and plump skin and relax over-worked muscles to reduce wrinkles. Our latest symmetry analysis* feature allows you to test how symmetrical your face is - for FREE. *currently available only on Apple devices. Save Money! Skip the Surgery & Injections! Did you know? The average facelift costs $8,000! Our app is free! (AI features require an upgrade.) As Seen on Keeping Up with the KardashiansKoko Hayashi, the founder of the Face Yoga app, isKim Kardashian's personal Face Yoga instructor, but you can get her methods for free on the Face Yoga App. We Use Cutting-Edge AI TechnologyThe Face Yoga App uses AI technology that guides you through the exercises, making sure you do them correctly for the best results. Exercises done incorrectly can damage skin! Proven to REALLY WORKIn 2018 Northwestern University studied Face Yoga and proved it works! Doing these exercises daily for just a few months has noticeable effects and can make you look years younger. "I feel my eyelids have lifted, my cheeks look fuller, and my nasolabial lines aren't as pronounced." @caroline_img Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Koko Face Yoga | Facial Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/app"}
Email Protection | Cloudflare Please enable cookies. Email Protection You are unable to access this email address kokofaceyoga.com The website from which you got to this page is protected by Cloudflare. Email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots. You must enable Javascript in your browser in order to decode the e-mail address. If you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way, you can sign up for Cloudflare. How does Cloudflare protect email addresses on website from spammers? Can I sign up for Cloudflare? Cloudflare Ray ID: 7cb4bd75f93f0775 • Your IP: Click to reveal 49.43.99.58 • Performance & security by Cloudflare
{"title": "Email Protection | Cloudflare", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create Fuller Lips Maica BalenaMay 2, 2023 The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Maica BalenaApril 6, 2023 Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Maica BalenaMarch 11, 2023 Eliminate Jowl Maica BalenaFebruary 22, 2023 Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Maica BalenaFebruary 3, 2023 Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines Maica BalenaJanuary 22, 2023 Can you swallow without teeth contact Maica BalenaJanuary 12, 2023 Tips to reduce or eliminate vertical neck lines Maica BalenaJanuary 3, 2023 The Most Effective Tips to reduce Jaw or TMJ Pain Maica BalenaDecember 19, 2022 Why you should keep space between upper and lower teeth Maica BalenaNovember 24, 2022 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Maica BalenaOctober 26, 2022 Why Faces Become Longer with Age Maica BalenaOctober 24, 2022 How to eat for better faces Advanced version Maica BalenaOctober 4, 2022 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Maica BalenaSeptember 10, 2022 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Guest UserJuly 13, 2022 Remove jowls Guest UserJune 22, 2022 To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Guest UserJune 14, 2022 5 Tips for better looking smile Guest UserMay 30, 2022 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture Guest UserMay 17, 2022 Asymmetrical walking Guest UserMay 12, 2022 Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog"}
Terms and Conditions of Website and App | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Terms and Use Terms & UseLast Updated: September 23 2019These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your access and use of this website, or the applications and other online products and services (collectively, our “Services”) provided by Koko Face Yoga. (“Koko Face Yoga” or “we”). By accessing the Koko Face Yoga website or by downloading Koko Face Yoga’s mobile application, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, including the mandatory arbitration provision and class action waiver in Section 15, do not access or use our Services.If you have any questions about these Terms or our Services, please contact us through the email [email protected]1. Description of ServicesKoko Face Yoga’s app is an application based software that shows tutorial videos and may use artificial intelligence algorithms to guide correct face yoga exercises, to help improve users exercise experiences. The application may allow you to (a) take photos/videos using the application or (b) upload preexisting photos/videos onto the application. 2. EligibilityYou must be at least 13 years of age to access or use our Services. If you are under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where you live), you may only access or use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority), you agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in connection with our Services. If you are accessing or using our Services on behalf of another person or entity, you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that person or entity’s behalf and that the person or entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or the other person or entity violates these Terms.3. User Accounts and Account SecurityYou may want to use your credentials (e.g., username and password) from a third-party online platform to access some or all of our Services. You must maintain the security of your third party account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission. If you permit others to use your account credentials, you are responsible for the activities of such users that occur in connection with your account.4. PrivacyPlease refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use and disclose information about you.5. User ContentOur Services may allow you and other users to create, post, store and share content, including messages, text, photos, videos, software and other materials (collectively, “User Content”). User Content does not include user-generated filters. Except for the license you grant below, you retain all rights in and to your User Content, as between you and Koko Face Yoga. Further, Koko Face Yoga does not claim ownership of any User Content that you post on or through the Services.You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content on or through the Services or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms; (ii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of User Content you stylize on or through the Services; and (iii) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms in your jurisdiction.You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that violates these Terms or for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant us the license described above. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.User Content removed from the Services may continue to be stored by Koko Face Yoga, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations. Koko Face Yoga is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Services for the purposes of User Content backup or storage. Koko Face Yoga will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any User Content.6. Prohibited Conduct and ContentYou will not violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and you are solely responsible for your conduct while accessing or using our Services. You will not:Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;Use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and Koko Face Yoga;Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;Reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services;Develop or use any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent, including any scripts designed to scrape or extract data from our Services;Use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.You may also only post or otherwise share User Content that is non-confidential and you have all necessary rights to disclose. You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that:Is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or fraudulent;Would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;May infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;Contains or depicts any statements, remarks or claims that do not reflect your honest views and experiences;Impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or entity;Contains any unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;Contains any private or personal information of a third party without such third party’s consent;Contains any viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or content; orIs, in our sole judgment, objectionable or that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying our Services, or that may expose Koko Face Yoga or others to any harm or liability of any type.In addition, although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.7. Limited License; Copyright and TrademarkOur Services and the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations, trademarks, trade names, page headers, button icons, scripts, service marks, logos, slogans, and other content contained therein (collectively, the “Koko Face Yoga Content”) are owned by or licensed to Koko Face Yoga and are protected under both United States and foreign laws. Except as explicitly stated in these Terms, Koko Face Yoga and our licensors reserve all rights in and to our Services and the Koko Face Yoga Content. You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use our Services and Koko Face Yoga Content for your own personal use; however, such license is subject to these Terms and does not include any right to: (a) sell, resell or commercially use our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content; (b) copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display Koko Face Yoga Content, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors; (c) modify the Koko Face Yoga Content, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative uses of our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content, except as expressly set forth in these Terms; (d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; or (e) use our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content other than as expressly provided in these Terms. Any use of our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted under these Terms. You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Koko Face Yoga Content.8. FeedbackAny questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information you submit about Koko Face Yoga or our products or Services (collectively, “Feedback”), is non-confidential and will become the sole property of Koko Face Yoga. We will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to Feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.9. Copyright ComplaintsWe have a policy of limiting access to our Services and terminating the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that anything on our Services infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may notify Koko Face Yoga by emailing at [email protected]. Please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our Services is infringing, you may be liable to Koko Face Yoga for certain costs and damages.10. IndemnificationTo the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Koko Face Yoga and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “Koko Face Yoga Parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our Services; (b) your User Content or Feedback; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (e) your conduct in connection with our Services. You agree to promptly notify Koko Face Yoga Parties of any third party Claims, cooperate with Koko Face Yoga Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees). You also agree that the Koko Face Yoga Parties will have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and Koko Face Yoga or the other Koko Face Yoga Parties.11. DisclaimersWe do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any User Content or third-party content available on or linked to by our Services.Your use of our Services is at your sole risk. Our Services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In addition, Koko Face Yoga does not represent or warrant that our Services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. While Koko Face Yoga attempts to make your access to and use of our Services safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that our Services or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Services.Our Services and its Content are not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional or as a substitute for consultations with qualified health professionals who are familiar with your individual medical history or health needs. We are not providing health care, medical or nutrition therapy services or attempting to diagnose, treat, prevent or cure in any manner whatsoever any physical ailment, or any mental or emotional issue, disease or condition. We are not giving medical or psychological advice whatsoever. Only a licensed medical professional currently treating you is qualified to make specific recommendations regarding an appropriate course of treatment, therapy, or procedure. You should always consult with your own physician, nurse practitioner, physician assistant, therapist, counselor, mental health practitioner, licensed dietitian, or any other licensed or registered health care professional before starting any diet, weight loss plan, exercise regimen, or any other fitness or wellness program, including any that might be suggested or sold on our Services or website. You understand that any information and content (such as text, images, audios, and videos) found within our website or Services is for educational, and informational purposes only. You understand that such information is not intended nor otherwise implied to be medical advice or a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Our Services do not guarantee accuracy nor completeness of the information and content on it, and as a result, this information does not encompass all conditions, disorders, health-related issues, or respective treatments. You understand that you should always consult your physician or other qualified health care provider to determine the appropriateness of this information for your own situation or if you have any questions regarding a medical condition, disorder, treatment plan, or other health-related issues. Our Services and its owners, contributors, and assignees expressly disclaim any and all responsibility for any liability, loss, or risk personal or otherwise, which may be or is incurred as a direct or indirect consequence of the use or application of any of the advice, comments, or information contained on our Services and website. In no event shall we be liable for direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages related to your use of the information on our Services or its Content. Do not disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking professional advice because of information you have read, listened, or watched on our Services or received from us. If you have or suspect that you have a medical or mental health issue, contact your own health care provider promptly. If you think that you may have a medical emergency, call your primary care professional or local emergency services number immediately. No action or inaction should be taken based solely on the content of our Services. Nor should you ever delay seeking medical advice or treatment due to the information contained on our Services. Reliance upon the information provided by our Services and its Content is solely at your own risk. In this regard, you agree not to use any information on our Services and website, including but not limited to product or program descriptions, customer testimonials, marketing messages, etc. for the diagnosis and treatment of any health issue or for the prescription of any medication or treatment. This information on our Services has not been evaluated or approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is not necessarily based on scientific evidence from any source. Our Services intend to support general wellbeing and overall wellness and do not intend to treat, diagnose, mitigate, prevent, or cure any condition or disease. You further acknowledge that all customer Testimonials on our Services are strictly the individual opinions of their writers and any results achieved are solely individual in nature; your results may vary. 12. Limitation of LiabilityKoko Face Yoga and the other Koko Face Yoga Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if Koko Face Yoga or the other Koko Face Yoga Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.The total liability of Koko Face Yoga and the other Koko Face Yoga Parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to access or use our Services.The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of Koko Face Yoga or the other Koko Face Yoga Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.13. ReleaseTo the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release Koko Face Yoga and the other Koko Face Yoga Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties. 14. Transfer and Processing DataBy accessing or using our Services, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information about you in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.15. Dispute Resolution; Binding ArbitrationPlease read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with Koko Face Yoga and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.Except for small claims disputes in which you or Koko Face Yoga seek to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or disputes in which you or Koko Face Yoga seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and Koko Face Yoga waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services resolved in court. Instead, all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services will be resolved through confidential binding arbitration held in Los Angeles County, California in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“Rules”) of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), which are available on the JAMS website and hereby incorporated by reference. You either acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the rules of JAMS or waive your opportunity to read the rules of JAMS and any claim that the rules of JAMS are unfair or should not apply for any reason.You and Koko Face Yoga agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services is personal to you and Koko Face Yoga and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR OUR SERVICES MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM AROSE; OTHERWISE, THE CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AND Koko Face Yoga WILL NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO ASSERT THE CLAIM.You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 15 by notifying Koko Face Yoga in writing. The notification must be sent to:Mirai Clinical LLC2739 Via Orange Way, Suite 102, Spring Valley, CA 91978, U.S.A.In order to be effective, the opt out notice must include your full name and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve Disputes in accordance with Section 16.16. Governing Law and VenueThese Terms and your access to and use of our Services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of California, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of California and the United States, respectively, sitting in Los Angeles County, California.17. Changes to these TermsWe may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the “Last Updated” date above. We may also attempt to notify you by sending an email notification to the address associated with your account, if any, or providing notice through our Services. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately and your continued access to and use of our Services after we provide notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services.18. Electronic CommunicationsBy accessing or using the Services, you also consent to receive electronic communications from Koko Face Yoga (e.g., via email or by posting notices on our Services). These communications may include notices about your account (e.g., payment authorizations, password changes and other transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including, but not limited to, that such communications be in writing.19. TerminationWe reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your right to access or use our Services. We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.20. SeverabilityIf any provision or part of a provision of these Terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.21. Additional Terms Applicable to iOS DevicesThe following terms apply if you install, access or use the Services on any device that contains the iOS mobile operating system (the “App”) developed by Apple Inc. (“Apple”).Acknowledgement. You acknowledge that these Terms are concluded solely between us, and not with Apple, and Koko Face Yoga, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App and the content thereof. You further acknowledge that the usage rules for the App are subject to any additional restrictions set forth in the Usage Rules for the Apple App Store Terms of Service as of the date you download the App, and in the event of any conflict, the Usage Rules in the App Store shall govern if they are more restrictive. You acknowledge and agree that you have had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules.Scope of License. The license granted to you is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on any iPhone, iPod touch or iPad that you own or control as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.Maintenance and Support. You and Koko Face Yoga acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.Warranty. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, paid to Apple for the App by you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. The parties acknowledge that to the extent that there are any applicable warranties, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any such applicable warranty would be the sole responsibility of Koko Face Yoga. However, you understand and agree that in accordance with these Terms, Koko Face Yoga has disclaimed all warranties of any kind with respect to the App, and therefore, there are no warranties applicable to the App.Product Claims. You and Koko Face Yoga acknowledge that as between Apple and Koko Face Yoga, Koko Face Yoga, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.Intellectual Property Rights. The parties acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights, Koko Face Yoga, and not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required under these Terms.Legal Compliance. You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.Developer Name and Address. Any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the App should be directed to:Mirai Clinical LLC2739 Via Orange Way, Suite 102, Spring Valley, CA 91978, U.S.A.[email protected]Third-Party Terms of Agreement. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services.Third-Party Beneficiary. The parties acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof).22. MiscellaneousThese Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Koko Face Yoga relating to your access to and use of our Services. The failure of Koko Face Yoga to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity. Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Terms and Conditions of Website and App | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/terms-and-conditions/"}
Koko Face Yoga | Daily Courses Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Daily Courses Want Youthful Skin? Try Koko Face Yoga Daily Face Yoga Courses. A natural solution to looking younger and having better skin. Try now! As of March 2023, our face yoga app is NOT available, due to legal reasons, so instead, we wanted to offer something else for us to keep helping you regain your radiant appearance. Koko Face Yoga Daily Courses Access Now We offer THE natural solution to regain/maintain your radiant appearance. Our method helps you to wake up sleeping muscles to lift up the skin, and relax over-working muscles for wrinkle reduction for 1 year access.Give us 3 min per day. That’s it! Collaborated with It Really Works Guess what? Koko weighs the same in both pictures! Real results from our founder, Koko:When I was 27, I had plastic surgery failure. That is when I realized I should have pursued natural solutions such as face yoga! Since then, I’ve doing face yoga and face posture for myself, and have transformed millions of faces through my sessions, app and social media. Features Safe & NaturalNo facelift needed! Face Yoga is an effective natural, non-toxic, and painless alternative to Botox®, facial filler, and plastic surgery. It Only Takes 3 Minutes a DayOur facial exercises are quick and easy. Do them anywhere, in an Uber, at your desk or wherever you like. We Work 2 Types of MusclesOur facial exercise wake up sleeping muscles to lift and plump skin and relax over-worked muscles to reduce wrinkles. Save Money! Skip the Surgery & Injections! Did you know? The average facelift costs $8,000! Our app is free! (AI features require an upgrade.) As Seen on Keeping Up with the KardashiansKoko Hayashi, the founder of the Face Yoga app, isKim Kardashian's personal Face Yoga instructor, but you can get her methods for free on the Face Yoga App. MEDICALLY backedThanks to our medical partners, incl dentists, dermatologists, ENT, chiropractors and anti-aging doctors, we deep into the muscles and even bones. Proven to REALLY WORKIn 2018 Northwestern University studied Face Yoga and proved it works! Doing these exercises daily for just a few months has noticeable effects and can make you look years younger. "I feel my eyelids have lifted, my cheeks look fuller, and my nasolabial lines aren't as pronounced." @caroline_img Access Now Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Koko Face Yoga | Daily Courses", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/daily-courses"}
Sessions(acuity) — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions(acuity) Personalized Private SessionsOnline & In-Person Learn in a private session (one to one) so Koko can analyze your face thoroughly aboutRoom for improvementYour facial expression habitsYour face posture®, etc and provide specific exercises and tips only for you! Online sessions will be done on zoom, which you will receive the link in advance.After the session, you will receiveScreenshots* (example below) of your bad face posture/facial expression habits & advicesSummary video of the tips & exercises that we coveredIf you want to see her in person, please email (smile(at)kokofaceyoga.com) to schedule the date and where in Southern California. Additional $50.00 for travel is required. If you want to see her at our studio in Culver City (Los Angeles County), CA, the additional $50 is NOT required. (For outside of SoCal, please ask her availability by email. She often goes to NY.) Schedule Appointment *Note:- The calendar date is PST. * Examples of bad face posture/facial expression habits Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Sessions(acuity) — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/sessionsacuity"}
App | Face Yoga App | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account App Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "App | Face Yoga App | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/app/old"}
Privacy Policy | Koko Face Yoga/Face Posture Privacy Policy Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyEffective date: October 30, 2019This Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Koko Face Yoga’s services (collectively, the “Service”), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to process your content.Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”)1. INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe do not collect any face data of our users. The mirror in the app just detects our user’s facial movement, to guide them to do our face exercises correctly.We collect the following types of information.Information you provide us directly:User Content (e.g., photos and other materials) that you post through the Service. Communications between you and Koko Face Yoga. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.Analytics information:We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.Cookies and similar technologies:When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use the Service and provide features to you.We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or the Services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.Log file information:Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device.When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.Device identifiers:When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by the Service.A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.Metadata:Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you share a photo) or other data.2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONIn addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketingprovide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Servicedevelop and test new products and featuresmonitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patternsdiagnose or fix technology problemsautomatically update the Service on your device3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Koko Face Yoga (or the group of companies of which Koko Face Yoga is a part) without your consent, except as Parties with whom we may share your information: in this Policy.Parties with whom we may share your information:We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Koko Face Yoga is part of, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates”). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates’ own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you (“Service Providers”). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties.We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:Any information or content that you voluntarily process with the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to Koko Face Yoga anonymously.What happens in the event of a change of control:If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Service or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATIONStorage and Processing:Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Koko Face Yoga, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.Koko Face Yoga, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which Koko Face Yoga, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, Koko Face Yoga cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Koko Face Yoga or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Koko Face Yoga, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Koko Face Yoga make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACYKoko Face Yoga does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.6. OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICESWe are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them.7. HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us through the email [email protected]8. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYKoko Face Yoga may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Koko Face Yoga or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification. Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Privacy Policy | Koko Face Yoga/Face Posture Privacy Policy", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/privacy-policy"}
Personalized Private Sessions In-Person with Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account In-Person In-Person SessionsNewport Beach, CaliforniaKoko will asses your face.You will receive personalized advice (face posture and face yoga) on your condition.You will receive treatment to reduce jaw pain and improve your facial symmetry.You will learn some of the techniques in your self-care routine. Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Personalized Private Sessions In-Person with Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/in-person-sessions"}
Personalized Private Sessions Online with Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account In-Person Sessions Facial Chiropractics by Dr. SatsumaNewport Beach, CaliforniaDr. Satsuma, Koko’s mentor will do facial chiropractic techniques on your face, to improve symmetry, jaw pain, aging concernes, etc.Dr. Satsuma doesn’t speak English much, so Koko will be translating to communicate.This is not Koko’s Face Yoga session. Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Personalized Private Sessions Online with Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/in-person-session"}
Terms and Conditions of Website and App | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Terms and Use Terms & UseLast Updated: September 23 2019These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your access and use of this website, or the applications and other online products and services (collectively, our “Services”) provided by Koko Face Yoga. (“Koko Face Yoga” or “we”). By accessing the Koko Face Yoga website or by downloading Koko Face Yoga’s mobile application, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, including the mandatory arbitration provision and class action waiver in Section 15, do not access or use our Services.If you have any questions about these Terms or our Services, please contact us through the email [email protected]1. Description of ServicesKoko Face Yoga’s app is an application based software that shows tutorial videos and may use artificial intelligence algorithms to guide correct face yoga exercises, to help improve users exercise experiences. The application may allow you to (a) take photos/videos using the application or (b) upload preexisting photos/videos onto the application. 2. EligibilityYou must be at least 13 years of age to access or use our Services. If you are under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where you live), you may only access or use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority), you agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in connection with our Services. If you are accessing or using our Services on behalf of another person or entity, you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that person or entity’s behalf and that the person or entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or the other person or entity violates these Terms.3. User Accounts and Account SecurityYou may want to use your credentials (e.g., username and password) from a third-party online platform to access some or all of our Services. You must maintain the security of your third party account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission. If you permit others to use your account credentials, you are responsible for the activities of such users that occur in connection with your account.4. PrivacyPlease refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use and disclose information about you.5. User ContentOur Services may allow you and other users to create, post, store and share content, including messages, text, photos, videos, software and other materials (collectively, “User Content”). User Content does not include user-generated filters. Except for the license you grant below, you retain all rights in and to your User Content, as between you and Koko Face Yoga. Further, Koko Face Yoga does not claim ownership of any User Content that you post on or through the Services.You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content on or through the Services or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms; (ii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of User Content you stylize on or through the Services; and (iii) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms in your jurisdiction.You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that violates these Terms or for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant us the license described above. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.User Content removed from the Services may continue to be stored by Koko Face Yoga, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations. Koko Face Yoga is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Services for the purposes of User Content backup or storage. Koko Face Yoga will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any User Content.6. Prohibited Conduct and ContentYou will not violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and you are solely responsible for your conduct while accessing or using our Services. You will not:Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;Use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and Koko Face Yoga;Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;Reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services;Develop or use any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent, including any scripts designed to scrape or extract data from our Services;Use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.You may also only post or otherwise share User Content that is non-confidential and you have all necessary rights to disclose. You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that:Is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or fraudulent;Would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;May infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;Contains or depicts any statements, remarks or claims that do not reflect your honest views and experiences;Impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or entity;Contains any unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;Contains any private or personal information of a third party without such third party’s consent;Contains any viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or content; orIs, in our sole judgment, objectionable or that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying our Services, or that may expose Koko Face Yoga or others to any harm or liability of any type.In addition, although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.7. Limited License; Copyright and TrademarkOur Services and the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations, trademarks, trade names, page headers, button icons, scripts, service marks, logos, slogans, and other content contained therein (collectively, the “Koko Face Yoga Content”) are owned by or licensed to Koko Face Yoga and are protected under both United States and foreign laws. Except as explicitly stated in these Terms, Koko Face Yoga and our licensors reserve all rights in and to our Services and the Koko Face Yoga Content. You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use our Services and Koko Face Yoga Content for your own personal use; however, such license is subject to these Terms and does not include any right to: (a) sell, resell or commercially use our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content; (b) copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display Koko Face Yoga Content, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors; (c) modify the Koko Face Yoga Content, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative uses of our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content, except as expressly set forth in these Terms; (d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; or (e) use our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content other than as expressly provided in these Terms. Any use of our Services or Koko Face Yoga Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted under these Terms. You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Koko Face Yoga Content.8. FeedbackAny questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information you submit about Koko Face Yoga or our products or Services (collectively, “Feedback”), is non-confidential and will become the sole property of Koko Face Yoga. We will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to Feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.9. Copyright ComplaintsWe have a policy of limiting access to our Services and terminating the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that anything on our Services infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may notify Koko Face Yoga by emailing at [email protected]. Please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our Services is infringing, you may be liable to Koko Face Yoga for certain costs and damages.10. IndemnificationTo the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Koko Face Yoga and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “Koko Face Yoga Parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our Services; (b) your User Content or Feedback; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (e) your conduct in connection with our Services. You agree to promptly notify Koko Face Yoga Parties of any third party Claims, cooperate with Koko Face Yoga Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees). You also agree that the Koko Face Yoga Parties will have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and Koko Face Yoga or the other Koko Face Yoga Parties.11. DisclaimersWe do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any User Content or third-party content available on or linked to by our Services.Your use of our Services is at your sole risk. Our Services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In addition, Koko Face Yoga does not represent or warrant that our Services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. While Koko Face Yoga attempts to make your access to and use of our Services safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that our Services or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Services.Our Services and its Content are not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional or as a substitute for consultations with qualified health professionals who are familiar with your individual medical history or health needs. We are not providing health care, medical or nutrition therapy services or attempting to diagnose, treat, prevent or cure in any manner whatsoever any physical ailment, or any mental or emotional issue, disease or condition. We are not giving medical or psychological advice whatsoever. Only a licensed medical professional currently treating you is qualified to make specific recommendations regarding an appropriate course of treatment, therapy, or procedure. You should always consult with your own physician, nurse practitioner, physician assistant, therapist, counselor, mental health practitioner, licensed dietitian, or any other licensed or registered health care professional before starting any diet, weight loss plan, exercise regimen, or any other fitness or wellness program, including any that might be suggested or sold on our Services or website. You understand that any information and content (such as text, images, audios, and videos) found within our website or Services is for educational, and informational purposes only. You understand that such information is not intended nor otherwise implied to be medical advice or a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Our Services do not guarantee accuracy nor completeness of the information and content on it, and as a result, this information does not encompass all conditions, disorders, health-related issues, or respective treatments. You understand that you should always consult your physician or other qualified health care provider to determine the appropriateness of this information for your own situation or if you have any questions regarding a medical condition, disorder, treatment plan, or other health-related issues. Our Services and its owners, contributors, and assignees expressly disclaim any and all responsibility for any liability, loss, or risk personal or otherwise, which may be or is incurred as a direct or indirect consequence of the use or application of any of the advice, comments, or information contained on our Services and website. In no event shall we be liable for direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages related to your use of the information on our Services or its Content. Do not disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking professional advice because of information you have read, listened, or watched on our Services or received from us. If you have or suspect that you have a medical or mental health issue, contact your own health care provider promptly. If you think that you may have a medical emergency, call your primary care professional or local emergency services number immediately. No action or inaction should be taken based solely on the content of our Services. Nor should you ever delay seeking medical advice or treatment due to the information contained on our Services. Reliance upon the information provided by our Services and its Content is solely at your own risk. In this regard, you agree not to use any information on our Services and website, including but not limited to product or program descriptions, customer testimonials, marketing messages, etc. for the diagnosis and treatment of any health issue or for the prescription of any medication or treatment. This information on our Services has not been evaluated or approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is not necessarily based on scientific evidence from any source. Our Services intend to support general wellbeing and overall wellness and do not intend to treat, diagnose, mitigate, prevent, or cure any condition or disease. You further acknowledge that all customer Testimonials on our Services are strictly the individual opinions of their writers and any results achieved are solely individual in nature; your results may vary. 12. Limitation of LiabilityKoko Face Yoga and the other Koko Face Yoga Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if Koko Face Yoga or the other Koko Face Yoga Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.The total liability of Koko Face Yoga and the other Koko Face Yoga Parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to access or use our Services.The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of Koko Face Yoga or the other Koko Face Yoga Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.13. ReleaseTo the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release Koko Face Yoga and the other Koko Face Yoga Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties. 14. Transfer and Processing DataBy accessing or using our Services, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information about you in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.15. Dispute Resolution; Binding ArbitrationPlease read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with Koko Face Yoga and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.Except for small claims disputes in which you or Koko Face Yoga seek to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or disputes in which you or Koko Face Yoga seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and Koko Face Yoga waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services resolved in court. Instead, all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services will be resolved through confidential binding arbitration held in Los Angeles County, California in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“Rules”) of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), which are available on the JAMS website and hereby incorporated by reference. You either acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the rules of JAMS or waive your opportunity to read the rules of JAMS and any claim that the rules of JAMS are unfair or should not apply for any reason.You and Koko Face Yoga agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services is personal to you and Koko Face Yoga and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR OUR SERVICES MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM AROSE; OTHERWISE, THE CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AND Koko Face Yoga WILL NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO ASSERT THE CLAIM.You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 15 by notifying Koko Face Yoga in writing. The notification must be sent to:Mirai Clinical LLC2739 Via Orange Way, Suite 102, Spring Valley, CA 91978, U.S.A.In order to be effective, the opt out notice must include your full name and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve Disputes in accordance with Section 16.16. Governing Law and VenueThese Terms and your access to and use of our Services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of California, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of California and the United States, respectively, sitting in Los Angeles County, California.17. Changes to these TermsWe may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the “Last Updated” date above. We may also attempt to notify you by sending an email notification to the address associated with your account, if any, or providing notice through our Services. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately and your continued access to and use of our Services after we provide notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services.18. Electronic CommunicationsBy accessing or using the Services, you also consent to receive electronic communications from Koko Face Yoga (e.g., via email or by posting notices on our Services). These communications may include notices about your account (e.g., payment authorizations, password changes and other transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including, but not limited to, that such communications be in writing.19. TerminationWe reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your right to access or use our Services. We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.20. SeverabilityIf any provision or part of a provision of these Terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.21. Additional Terms Applicable to iOS DevicesThe following terms apply if you install, access or use the Services on any device that contains the iOS mobile operating system (the “App”) developed by Apple Inc. (“Apple”).Acknowledgement. You acknowledge that these Terms are concluded solely between us, and not with Apple, and Koko Face Yoga, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App and the content thereof. You further acknowledge that the usage rules for the App are subject to any additional restrictions set forth in the Usage Rules for the Apple App Store Terms of Service as of the date you download the App, and in the event of any conflict, the Usage Rules in the App Store shall govern if they are more restrictive. You acknowledge and agree that you have had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules.Scope of License. The license granted to you is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on any iPhone, iPod touch or iPad that you own or control as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.Maintenance and Support. You and Koko Face Yoga acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.Warranty. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, paid to Apple for the App by you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. The parties acknowledge that to the extent that there are any applicable warranties, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any such applicable warranty would be the sole responsibility of Koko Face Yoga. However, you understand and agree that in accordance with these Terms, Koko Face Yoga has disclaimed all warranties of any kind with respect to the App, and therefore, there are no warranties applicable to the App.Product Claims. You and Koko Face Yoga acknowledge that as between Apple and Koko Face Yoga, Koko Face Yoga, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.Intellectual Property Rights. The parties acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights, Koko Face Yoga, and not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required under these Terms.Legal Compliance. You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.Developer Name and Address. Any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the App should be directed to:Mirai Clinical LLC2739 Via Orange Way, Suite 102, Spring Valley, CA 91978, U.S.A.[email protected]Third-Party Terms of Agreement. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services.Third-Party Beneficiary. The parties acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof).22. MiscellaneousThese Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Koko Face Yoga relating to your access to and use of our Services. The failure of Koko Face Yoga to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity. Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Terms and Conditions of Website and App | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/terms-and-conditions"}
Koko Face Yoga | Face Posture Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face Yoga Featured atKEEPING UP WITH THE KARDASHIANS Featured at “Shark Tank“! Koko Face Yoga transforms your face in just 3min/day. Kim Kardashian tweeted “pretty legit.“ Face yoga app Face Yoga Before & After See other before/after photos Born and grown up in Japan where Face Yoga has been popular, Koko Hayashi has been practicing Face Yoga over a decade and started teaching since 2018. (A study shows it works!) Her clients include Kim Kardashian and class was selected as the most popular yoga class at The Yoga Expo 2019. Free Face Yoga YouTube Voted #1 popular yoga class at The Yoga Expo Los Angeles CIDESCO License Holder (most internationally respected aesthetic license)20M views in total at YouTube Reviews on Google Business Appeared at: Shark Tank, Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Good Morning America, Fox News, CBS News, and more!Collaborated with: California Skin Institute, Dr. Yoko Beauty Terrace Clinic, Dr. Carolyn Candido, LinkedIn, Goop, Athleta, Popsugar, and more! Press Join our mailing list! Be the first to know about new arrivals, sales and special events. Email Address We respect your privacy. Face Yoga is a great natural solution to regain your youthful appearance! Did you know that there are 2 kinds of facial muscles? Sleeping muscles and over-working muscles. You wake up the sleeping muscles to lift up the skin, and relax over-working muscles for wrinkle reduction. In addition to the Facial Yoga Exercises, you will learn how to keep good face posture® incl tongue posture® and how to stop bad facial expression habits, which are more important than Facial Yoga exercises. You know the importance of exercising your body muscles on a regular basis and keeping good body posture, so why not care for the face? How to reduce laugh lines, frown lines between eyebrow and forehead, saggy jawlines, jowls, asymmetrical face, etc, you name it! Face Yoga is a great natural alternative to botox or plastic surgeries. (Even some plastic surgeons in Japan recommend Face Yoga exercises!) The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. When you do facial massage, you need to first wash your face, and apply skincare cream. But for Face Yoga, most of the exercises do not require any face cream or anything. All you need is your face! Once you learn how to do, you can do the exercises on the go! Ex. when you are working in front of screen, while walking, while cooking, etc. How easy is that? Incorporate those exercises into your daily routines, so it’s easy to continue. Remember, consistency is a key for success. Unlike injection or those medical beauty procedures, Face Yoga is NOT quick fix. It requires consistent training on a regular basis. But the more you master, the less exercises are needed. You would just need to keep good face posture®, tongue posture® and stop bad facial expression habits. Join the natural beauty journey with us and spread the greatness of Face Yoga together!In Japan, Face Yoga or those face related exercises are common for beauty conscious people, because it really works! So it was natural process for Koko to pick up some exercises at her 20’, s. Now she is proudly 40 years young as of 2019, and excited to be more mature in more beautiful face! Don’t you want to be excited to age like her?In fact, Koko had a plastic surgery failure at the age of 27 years old! A plastic surgeon advised her to add implant to her chin, to make it a little bit pointy and if she doesn’t like it, she can have it removed easily and the area would go back to its original shape. That’s when she realized the importance of face exercise. So she did it, didn’t like it and had it removed, but as you guessed, it did not go back to its original normal shape. Her chin got slightly distorted and tilted to a side. Of course, huge regret! That’s when she realized that she should have pursued natural beauty method such as Face Yoga!Anyway, she moved to the States to introduce the greatness of Face Yoga at the age of 37. Soon after that, she already gained high profile clients such as Kim Kardashian. Her media appearance include not just “Keeping Up With The Kardashians“, but also “Shark Tank“, “Good Morning America”, “Fox“, “CBS“, “Popsugar“, “Vogue“, “Magic for Humans“ at Netflix and more! Still suspicious? There is even real science study about Face Yoga. In 2018, Northwestern University proved that Facial exercise work to improve the appearance of facial aging process. Did we forget to tell you that Koko has a beauty therapist license CIDESCO, the most prestigious international therapist license?Let us explain which areas that Face Yoga can improve one by one.Warm up: Before you do any body exercises, you do warm up exercise. The same thing applies to the face. By vibrate the cheeks as much as possible, you can relax many facial muscles, because lips are core muscles for the face and a lot of muscles are started from the lips. So by relaxing the core muscles, other facial muscles are relaxed too. Why do you need to relax the facial muscles? When facial muscles get tense, they become less elastic, shorter, harder and show as wrinkles and/or asymmetrical face. But it is hard to relax the facial muscles, because facial muscles are close to the brains. As long as you are nervous, stressed, or concerned at something, the stress is transmitted to the facial muscles and they get tense. But this way, you can force your facial muscles to relax physically.Before we move to part exercises, we would like to talk about face posture®. Do you notice that more mature people show grumpy face than the younger. The mouth corners start sagging with age, and show as grumpy face. Then even if you are not grumpy, the brain misunderstands that you are grumpy. Now you are officially grumpy… Face posture® basics #1, keep tiny smile. Lift the corners of the mouth just a little to make them in a straight line or just a little bit higher within 5 degree up. If the angles are too high, you cannot continue and the skin gets stretch too much, which can result in wrinkles and sagging. Face posture® basics #2, tongue posture®. When your face is resting, where is your tongue? It’s touched on the upper chin (palate/pallet), swinging around in the middle, or on the lower chin? The answer is upper chin. It should be attached to the upper chin. If the tongue is not touched to the upper chin, your lower face is pulling all the muscles and skin down, which results in sagging. Actually, your tongue should be not just touched to the upper chin, but fully touched. In other words, 1/3 back of the tongue should be touched to the upper chin in flat. This “flat“ is important. Many people already have a habit to keep their tongues touched to the upper chin, but not in flat. There is usually gap between tongue and the palate. This is wrong. There should NOT be gap between them, the your tongue is lifting your heavy skull up and have some tension in the cheek areas. This way, you build cheek muscles, which usually are sleeping. The tongue force should always up, not down. Hard to keep the position? Keep good body posture, tuck your chin a bit, and place tip of the tongue after the upper teeth, and say “Nnnnn“. If that is still difficult, place tip of the tongue after speed bump. It is very important to feel tension on the upper chin.Face Posture® #3, in order to keep the good tongue posture®, tuck your chin just a little bit, in addition to having good body posture. When your body is not in good posture, it is impossible to have good tongue posture®. By tucking your chin just a little bit, it is easier for you to keep the tongue sucked to the palate.Face Posture® #4, avoid Teeth Contacting Habit a.k.a. TCH. TCH is a condition that upper and lower teeth are touching each other when your face is resting. Some dentists in Japan say TCH is worse than grinding, which results in TMJ pain (Temporomandibular joint syndrome). Grinding is a big cause of TMJ pain, but that happens only a limited period of time . Whereas, if TCH is happening all the time, it is way longer than grinding, even though the force is lighter than grinding. So it is important not to do TCH when your face is resting. How to do? Just be aware that the upper and lower teeth are not touching each other and there is very tiny gap in between all the time. When TMJ pain occurs, it is very likely that your jaw muscles are over developed and you might have square shaped face, instead of heart-shaped.Face Posture® #5, stop frowning between the eyebrows. The easiest way to fix this naturally is to be aware of it all the time. You can do some face shiatsu technique to iron out the lines when you apply skincare cream, but basically it is critical to pay attention to the area when you make various facial expressions. Funny tip! tape it. If you tape the area, when you make wrinkles, the tape tells you that you are causing lines between the brows. This is an interesting training method. Try to reduce tension in the inner eye corners as well. That helps relax the muscles around eyes and eyebrows both.Face Posture equals mind posture. There is no way to be depressed when your face posture is good! Face and brain are so close and connected. Next let’s talk about neck. Double chin is one of the common concerns for many people. Due to excessive use of phone, more people look down for a longer time and are receiving more gravity than ever. Once a day, twice or even more, look and stretch the neck according to Koko Face Yoga. Double chin one of the easier fixes by Face Yoga. Concerned at turkey neck? Try the exercise more. A lot of exercises can be done anytime anywhere, but for those neck exercises, we suggest you do when you go to restroom and sit down on a toilet! Do not do while driving lol.One of some areas that people might not pay much attention but Koko does is cheeks. With age, cheek muscles melt down and the face can look older. With fuller, high cheeks on cheekbones, you look much younger and fresh. We offer outer, middle, and inner cheek lift exercises + by keeping good face posture®, there is no way that you will have cheek melt down syndrome. There are 3 points that you should always try to lift up, the corners of the eyes, cheeks and the corners of the mouth.How about jaw lines? Wether you have chubby cheeks or skinny cheeks, saggy cheeks are a common aging concern. There are multiple exercises you can do, but for example, anti-bulldog is our favorite. When Koko was working in Tokyo, every time she goes to restroom, she was doing it. Then she got heart-shaped face, instead of chubby cheeks as the before/after photos show. If you do those, + keeping good face posture, there is no way that you will be concerned at saggy cheeks. Making cheeks sharper and tone is one of the easiest by face yoga.Concerned at laugh line, smile lines or nasolabial fold lines? No problem. Iron out the tense muscles from inside of the mouth by using your tongue. This easy trick is very popular in Japan. In fact, tongue exercise might be more popular than face yoga there, because it gives quick result. You do not have to spend for expensive filler to fill the fold, thanks to this easy, quick trick. Some people might be concerned about smiling, because they think laughing cause more lines, but if you don’t smile or laugh, the cheek melt down happens. Please note that smiling is very important to build cheek muscles. You just want to iron out the lines if you are concerned about them. BTW our method contains not just for laugh lines but for fuller lips, line reduction on the upper lip, and more!What about eye areas? It is hard to treat eye areas with injection, laser or those medical beauty procedures, because the areas are close to eye balls. Here face yoga comes. Our favorite exercise is lower eye lift up. Basically lower eyelids are sleeping muscles. It is challenging to lift up only lower eyelids without moving anywhere else. Try it! Anyway, by waking up the sleeping lower eyelid muscles, you activate the muscles around the eyes and you get defined eye look. This is not just for bigger eyes, but also reduce or prevent eye bags. The cause of eye bags is that fat around the upper eye ball starts dropping with gravity and age, and show as eye bags. So by lifting up the dropped fat to up, you will have no eye bags. We teach other face shiatsu technique to reduce/prevent tiny lines around eyes as well.Interested in more? Join our community by subscribing to our Koko Face Yoga app! New exercises with new AI (artificial intelligence) features to guide proper movements are being added on a regular basis, so stay tuned with us! View our Terms & Conditions Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Koko Face Yoga | Face Posture", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/face-yoga"}
Medical Tape 3M Durapore - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Medical Tape 3M Durapore Silk-Like Cloth NextBack sleep pillow & side sleep pillow Medical Tape 3M Durapore Silk-Like Cloth Medical Tape 3M Durapore Silk-Like Cloth $4.50 Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Purchase Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Medical Tape 3M Durapore - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/5775rl-medical-tape-3m-durapore-silk-like-cloth-1-inch-x-10-yard-white-nonsterile"}
Yoga For Your Face | Press — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Press Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Yoga For Your Face | Press — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/press/"}
“Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets. Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products “Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets PreviousBack sleep pillow & side sleep pillow NextCertification “Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets “Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets $9.95 AVAILABLE ON AMAZON here sold out Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Japanese Secrets to Stop the Signs of AgingWhy do Japanese women live longer, stay thinner and look 10 yearsyounger than their western counterparts?Koko Hayashi, Japanese anti-aging expert and Mirai Clinical Founder, has combined many of her popular blog posts with the latest “Less is More” age-defying practices from Japan: Don’t over-wash. Don’t over-moisturize. Be wary of “miracle” skin care products!Her helpful tips are easy to follow and integrate into your daily lifestyle. Start looking younger and feeling healthier today by practicing Japan’s “Less is More” approach to beauty and well-being.Chapters Here Comes the Sun: Preparing Your First Line of DefenseUV Rays Cause 80% of Your Skin DamageUV-Aging and UV-BurningDon’t Eat Lemons in the Morning, But Do Eat Tomatoes at NightJackie O’s and SuncareThe Vitamin D DilemmaIs Your Skin Care Regimen Aging You? The Best Skin Care Cream in the WorldIngredients You Should AvoidAll Natural Is Not Always GoodSkin Fast Once A WeekLess Moisturizer on Dry Skin, More on OilyNo-Cost Ways to Looking Younger Eight Areas to Wash with Soap Every DayHow to Get Growth Hormones, FreeDon’t Waste Elasticity on a Boring GuyA Wrinkle-Free FaceWrinkle-Free HandsWrinkle-Free KneesA Wrinkle-Free NeckA Wrinkle-Free VoiceEat Your Way to Weight Loss Portion Control, the Japanese WayEat Your Veggies First! Your Eating Order MattersThe 30-Foods-Per-Day RuleThe Benefit of “the Bento Box” LunchThe Ninja Black DietLose Weight by Staying WarmFat-Burning While Bathing Your Dietary BFF’s Good Skin is the Sign of Good HealthFood as MedicineSushi is Not Just TastyHealth & Beauty in a Cup of Green TeaEdamame, A Menopause Super FoodSeaweed, the Edible CosmeticShiitake, the Medical MushroomThe Devil’s TongueSoba, the Skinny CarbJapanese Rice CrackersThings You Don’t Usually Think About Your Pelvis, The Key to FitnessLook Younger with the High-Fashion WalkAnti-Aging Breast CareAging Body Odor: How to Fight the “Fragrance”Anti-Aging Toilet TrainingThe Poop TestWhen Less is More Laughter for Optimal HealthLife Cleanse Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "“Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets.", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/less-is-more-japanese-anti-aging-secrets"}
Comite International d'Esthetique et de Cosmetologie Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account CIDESCO Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Comite International d'Esthetique et de Cosmetologie", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/cidesco"}
Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark PreviousCertification NextCertification Live Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark $39.97 1492 X 1920 px for print out on letter size and/or A4 paper Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/m34c2q0kbjliw9er2jlya1lpgy1ufa"}
Learn More About Koko Face Yoga Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Learn More 「ハリウッド式美顔ヨガ」Amazon Facial Chiropractics Event Group Session Face Yoga App Daily Courses Before After Pics Instructor Certification 日本語はこちら Amazon Products Koko likes Products Koko likes Instagram TikTok Facebook YouTube kokofaceyoga.com Petition to save Dr. Mew’s Dental Licence Add to social media Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Learn More About Koko Face Yoga Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/learn-more"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create Fuller Lips Maica BalenaMay 2, 2023 The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Maica BalenaApril 6, 2023 Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Maica BalenaMarch 11, 2023 Eliminate Jowl Maica BalenaFebruary 22, 2023 Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Maica BalenaFebruary 3, 2023 Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines Maica BalenaJanuary 22, 2023 Can you swallow without teeth contact Maica BalenaJanuary 12, 2023 Tips to reduce or eliminate vertical neck lines Maica BalenaJanuary 3, 2023 The Most Effective Tips to reduce Jaw or TMJ Pain Maica BalenaDecember 19, 2022 Why you should keep space between upper and lower teeth Maica BalenaNovember 24, 2022 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Maica BalenaOctober 26, 2022 Why Faces Become Longer with Age Maica BalenaOctober 24, 2022 How to eat for better faces Advanced version Maica BalenaOctober 4, 2022 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Maica BalenaSeptember 10, 2022 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Guest UserJuly 13, 2022 Remove jowls Guest UserJune 22, 2022 To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Guest UserJune 14, 2022 5 Tips for better looking smile Guest UserMay 30, 2022 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture Guest UserMay 17, 2022 Asymmetrical walking Guest UserMay 12, 2022 Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/"}
Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face The topic I would like to discuss today is asymmetrical mewing.1. Tongue Muscle MassageTongue muscle massage can help balance the non-dominant side and make it easier to lift up, resulting in a more symmetrical viewing posture. This technique can be combined with tongue exercises and facial chiropractic for better results. Massaging around the area with a fist or thumb can help alleviate tightness and create a more even pressure against the roof of the mouth.2. Stretch the Tongue MuscleStretch the tongue muscle on the non-dominant side. You can do this by tilting your head 45 degrees and looking up while tucking your chin in. Be careful not to strain your neck if you have neck pain. Once in position, use your hand to hook onto the tongue bone and stretch the muscle. Experiment with different ways to stretch it and find what works best for you.3. Tongue SlideTo do this, place your tongue on your palate and slowly slide it back while applying light pressure for a symmetrical view. You can slide it over the soft palate and then the hard palate. Another way is to start with the tip of your tongue on the sweet spot behind your upper teeth and slide it back while maintaining equal pressure on both sides.Summary:These tips can improve tongue posture, reduce asymmetry, and create a more attractive appearance. By massaging, stretching, and practicing tongue sliding, you can achieve a symmetrical look. Experiment with techniques and take care not to strain your neck. Make them a part of your daily routine for a more balanced and confident appearance. Maica BalenaMarch 11, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Maica BalenaApril 6, 2023 Next Eliminate Jowl Maica BalenaFebruary 22, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/5/1/asymmetrical-mewing-causes-asymmetrical-face"}
Eliminate Jowl or Marionette Lines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Jowl Let's discuss Jowl, a common problem area that's difficult to improve using face yoga, self-care methods, or medical treatments. The cheek muscle is responsible for lifting the cheeks and jowls, and it cannot be fixed with just a gel. It's crucial to lift up the muscle, but relaxing the depressor muscle is also important. This muscle is stronger than you think, and preventing saggy emotions and downward angles can help reduce jowl. While gravity plays a part, it's mostly due to the use of the saggy muscle.1. DAO StretchThis exercise stretches the muscle from the inside out and is more effective than a massage. Do not do this exercise if you have neck pain. Identify which side of your face has more sagging and place your fingers on your shoulder and orange muscle. Tilt your head 45 degrees, look up and lift your cheek muscle. Hold for 10 seconds and repeat on the other side. Come back slowly to avoid discomfort. For more exercises, check out the Koko Face Yoga app. It's important to maintain a tiny smile when your face is resting to prevent tension in the jaw. The "massive DAO stretch" exercise can help relieve tension that causes a saggy face and undefined jawline. Three tips for maintaining a relaxed face are tongue posture, space between the teeth, and a tiny smile.2. Masseter StretchMany people, including myself, have overdeveloped masseter muscles due to stress, resulting in a "Bulldog face" with a undefined jawline and saggy cheeks. To prevent jaw tension and wrinkles, it's important to rest your face and perform exercises like the masseter stretch, which involves lifting and stretching the muscle. Massage is also crucial, with the masseter muscle being the most important to target. There are three layers to the masseter muscle, and a third layer was recently discovered in 2021. If interested in a massage routine, follow my other videos.3. Face Posture / Tongue Posture I've learned that the tongue should be up and flat, not hanging down, as this can cause tension in the face and neck muscles. Chin tension can also cause muscle depression, so it's important to reduce chin tension and keep the tongue up and flat when the face is at rest. This can reduce tension in the face and even the neck muscles. By mastering good face posture, we can achieve the best version of our face naturally, using natural self-care methods. It's important to keep our facial muscles relaxed and to move them in better ways to achieve our best face.Summary:DAO stretch can help relieve tension that causes a saggy face and undefined jawline, while the masseter stretch can prevent jaw tension and wrinkles. Good face and tongue posture can also help reduce tension in the face and neck muscles. Practicing these exercises and techniques can lead to a more relaxed and toned face. Additionally, regular massage can target specific facial muscles and help maintain good facial tone. It's important to maintain good facial posture and relaxation to achieve the best version of our face naturally. Maica BalenaFebruary 22, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Maica BalenaMarch 11, 2023 Next Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Maica BalenaFebruary 3, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Jowl or Marionette Lines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/2/22/eliminate-jowl"}
Get Fuller Lips Naturally: Expert Tips and Techniques Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create Fuller Lips The fullness of the lips is increased as the maxilla moves forward. I have observed that some individuals perform exercises such as making exaggerated facial expressions in an attempt to achieve fuller lips. However, these exercises may not be suitable for everyone. In this regard, I would like to introduce three exercises that can be used to enhance lip fullness.1. Lip SumoThe upper lip muscle appears blue and is considered a sleepy muscle, while the bottom lip muscle is red and overworked, leading to a fuller bottom lip. To activate the upper lip, press both lips together tightly, while keeping a small space between the upper and lower teeth to avoid unnecessary tension. Focus solely on the upper lip and relax the chin muscle by placing the index fingers on the corners of the mouth and smiling slightly. Hold for 10 seconds while practicing hard mewing with the tongue up. Remember to maintain symmetry and release the tension afterward. This exercise is part of the Coco Face Yoga daily courses and app, which offers personalized routines and instructor certification. Additionally, learn how to drink properly using the activated upper lip muscle.2. Duck Lip ExerciseTo properly train your upper lip muscle, it's important to avoid engaging other muscles such as the bottom lip and chin tension. A good exercise to achieve this is by creating a Cupid's bow shape with your upper lip, while keeping the bottom lip still. Make sure not to make big movements or engage other muscles like the nose or cheeks. It's recommended to check yourself in the mirror to ensure proper form. Remember, every time you drink something, you're activating this muscle and making it stronger. With consistent training, you'll see improvement in the size and strength of your upper lip.3. Face PostureResting face posture is crucial for overall facial health and appearance. It involves keeping your tongue up and your lips slightly smiling even when your face is at rest. Not maintaining this posture can cause your face to elongate instead of growing forward, which is not ideal. Another tip is to use silicone tape while sleeping to keep your mouth shut, which helps activate the upper lip muscles instead of overworking the bottom muscles. Lastly, two exercises to help with the resting face posture are lip small and dart lip. Keeping these exercises in mind and implementing them regularly can lead to a fuller, healthier-looking face.SummaryLip Sumo is an exercise that targets the upper lip muscle by pressing both lips together tightly while maintaining a small space between the upper and lower teeth. The Duck Lip Exercise involves creating a Cupid's bow shape with the upper lip while keeping the bottom lip still, and both exercises should be performed with proper form and consistency for best results. Maintaining a good resting face posture is also important, which involves keeping the tongue up and lips slightly smiling. Using silicone tape while sleeping and practicing lip small and dart lip exercises can also help achieve a fuller, healthier-looking face. Maica BalenaMay 2, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Next The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Maica BalenaApril 6, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Get Fuller Lips Naturally: Expert Tips and Techniques", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/5/8/create-fuller-lips"}
The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Today, I want to talk about ways to make our temple area fuller. It's not an easy task, but I believe there are things we can do. Let's explore three exercises and tips to achieve a fuller temple area. Let's get started.1. Chewing UpLet's talk about facial osteoporosis and how it affects the temple area, causing it to shrink and become more fragile. To prevent or slow down this process, we can stimulate the facial bones by chewing properly and using the correct eating angle. This will help to stimulate the temporalis muscle, which is a part of the chewing muscle and prevent the loss of bone density. Additionally, we can use cheek vibration, face posture, and cheek slide exercises to strengthen the facial muscles.2. Scalp MassageScalp massage is a convenient way to relieve tension and promote a fuller temple area. By moving the scalp, not the hair, you can stimulate the muscles and prevent damage. Maintaining space between your upper and lower teeth helps avoid unnecessary pressure on the temples. Regular scalp massage and proper teeth alignment are beneficial for overall facial relaxation and appearance.3. CheekboneTo enhance the appearance of cheekbones and prevent a bumpy temple area, gently press in on the cheekbones where they meet the temple and bridge. This can make a noticeable difference. You can also explore the Koko Face Yoga app for more exercises and consider the Koko Face Yoga Instructor Certification course for in-depth knowledge. Facial chiropractic, a bone-adjusting technique popular in Japan, can be effective in reshaping facial bones for a better appearance.Summary:In conclusion, there are several ways to prevent facial osteoporosis and promote a fuller temple area. Proper chewing techniques and facial exercises can stimulate the facial muscles and prevent bone density loss. Scalp massage can relieve tension and promote muscle stimulation, while gentle pressure on the cheekbones can enhance their appearance. By incorporating these methods into your daily routine, you can achieve a healthier, more youthful-looking face. Maica BalenaApril 6, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create Fuller Lips Maica BalenaMay 2, 2023 Next Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Maica BalenaMarch 11, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/5/1/the-best-exercises-tips-to-make-temples-fuller"}
Space between upper and lower teeth | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why you should keep space between upper and lower teeth Today I'd like to talk about the space between upper teeth and lower teeth thing. Let me introduce what it is and why you want to do it and how to achieve it. Let's do it.1. What is the space between the upper teeth and lower teeth?When your face is resting, like right now, I assume you're not talking, you're not smiling, you're not, your face is just resting, right? If so, your upper teeth and lower teeth are touching or not? Please put this in your answer in the comment below. The answer is should not be touching. There should be space between the upper and lower teeth like this tiny, tiny space. But there is you can see a little bit of space, right? Like one millimeter or two or three very, very tiny spaces. But you want to have space. In other words, the upper teeth and lower teeth should not be touching all the time. The bad habit of the upper teeth and lower is touching called the TCH teeth contact habit. There's even a clinical study about TCH, and how bad it is for your health and beauty too.2. Why it is so important?Did you know that keeping space between your upper and lower teeth when your face is resting is important? It's true! You see, when you have this kind of space between your teeth, it gives the jaw muscles a chance to relax and unwind. And if they're all bunched together all the time, it creates tension on the muscles and can lead to grinding or TMJ pain—and that's not fun! So how do you get this space? Well, it's pretty easy: just open your mouth wide enough so that the back teeth touch each other without touching any of the front ones. Then close your mouth slowly while focusing on relaxing each muscle group as it comes into contact with another. Repeat this process until you feel the tension released in all areas of your face and neck—you'll know when you've reached that point because everything will feel more relaxed overall! Basically, it's when you have your upper and lower teeth touching each other like this all the time as if you were clenching your jaw muscles. And that can cause a lot of problems: tension in the neck, shoulders, and jaw... not just because I'm doing this! It's happening in your mouth too—so that tension is distributed throughout the body and face. It goes here and here... and here too (depressor saggy muscle). The chin tension goes here too (saggy muscle). So it'll sag your face!3. How do achieve keep the space between the upper and lower teeth all the time?I'll go over some of the important points in section three. First, we talked about how important it is to keep the space between your upper and lower teeth all the time. The easiest answer is mewing! Yes.That's because by lifting your tongue up and slightly forward, you're able to open your mouth more widely while still keeping your jaw closed. That way, there's no need to drop your jaw down or open it wide when you smile—you can just smile normally and still create more space between your upper and lower teeth. So that's how you do it! And if you want to learn more about mewing, check out our video Mewing101 for a quick tutorial on everything you need to know about this technique. Maica BalenaNovember 24, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The Most Effective Tips to reduce Jaw or TMJ Pain Maica BalenaDecember 19, 2022 Next 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Maica BalenaOctober 26, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Space between upper and lower teeth | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/11/20/why-you-should-keep-space-between-upper-and-lower-teeth"}
Fix Asymmetrical Face | Specific Facial Movement | KYF Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Today, I want to discuss a specific facial movement that can worsen facial asymmetry. The jaw movement is the most important and dramatic movement in our face and the main cause of asymmetrical faces. While other facial muscles may move slightly, they don't have as much impact as jaw movement. If you move your jaw asymmetrically, even at a very subtle level, it can result in a more uneven appearance. To counteract this, I'll introduce three ways to achieve a more symmetrical face.#1 Asymmetrical Eating Eating is the most crucial factor in causing asymmetrical faces. Asymmetrical eating, also known as dominant eating, is the primary reason for facial asymmetry. This is because it's a muscle-based jaw movement. People have dominant and non-dominant sides, just like dominant hands, eyes, etc. So, it's common to have a dominant chewing side, but to achieve a symmetrical face, it's important to chew evenly 50/50. This helps to ensure that the tongue and teeth are moving equally and prevents a tilt in the face. Try placing your fingers on the temporomandibular joint (TMJ) and gently moving the jaw up and down. Chewing 50/50 is critical since we eat every day, and asymmetrical chewing can lead to asymmetrical faces.#2 Unnecessary Facial MovementAside from chewing, jaw movements can occur unconsciously throughout the day. Tension, speaking, yawning, drinking, and even resting can cause the jaw to move downward. To minimize this movement, try to avoid dropping the jaw and be mindful of your facial posture when speaking, eating, drinking, yawning, and even smiling. I have videos dedicated to each of these activities, including how to speak and yawn properly. Our TMJ moves 5,000 times a day, so it's important to keep jaw movements to a minimum.#3 Unnecessary Body MovementAvoid bone-based movements that cause pressure on the thin temporal space. This can lead to a misalignment of bones and negatively affect facial symmetry. Examples include constant pressure from hand gestures, side sleeping, crossing legs, and other bad body postures. To reset and maintain symmetry, it is recommended to do facial exercises, such as those shown in a classic video about the "Seven bad habits to cause asymmetrical face". This video, filmed several years ago, also shows the transformation of the face after avoiding these habits.In conclusion, I presented three tips to minimize asymmetrical faces. The first two tips focus on muscle control. The first tip is to chew evenly, both sides at the same time, instead of alternating. The second tip is to minimize jaw movements during facial expressions such as speaking, yawning, and resting. Since we make this movement more than 5,000 times a day, it is important to minimize the dropping of the jaw to prevent asymmetrical faces. The third tip is to be mindful of bone pressure during activities such as sleeping, certain postures, or even certain movements. Maica BalenaFebruary 3, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Jowl Maica BalenaFebruary 22, 2023 Next Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines Maica BalenaJanuary 22, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Asymmetrical Face | Specific Facial Movement | KYF", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/2/5/dont-move-if-you-want-to-fix-asymmetrical-face"}
Tips to reduce vertical necklines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Tips to reduce or eliminate vertical neck lines Vertical lines on the neck, also known as "neck rings" or "turkey neck," are a common concern for many people as they can make a person look older or heavier. There are a few different exercises and tips that can help to reduce or eliminate neck rings.1. Gaining weightGaining weight is not the best solution for everyone, as it may not be healthy or possible for everyone to do so. It's important to maintain a healthy weight for your body type and for overall health. If you are concerned about the appearance of your neck, there are other options you can try. For example, you could try wearing clothes or accessories that draw attention away from your neck, such as high-collared tops or scarves. You could also try exercises to strengthen and tone the muscles in your neck and jawline. It's also important to remember that everyone is unique and has different body shapes, and it's okay to embrace your natural appearance.2. Stop using overworking musclesIt is important to take breaks and give your muscles time to rest and recover, especially if you are overusing certain muscle groups such as the shoulder and neck muscles. Here are 5 scenes to help you avoid overworking these muscles:Breathing is a fundamental aspect of human life, and it is something that we do automatically without even thinking about it. However, the way we breathe can have a significant impact on our physical and mental health. Proper breathing techniques can help to reduce stress, improve concentration, and increase energy levels. On the other hand, poor breathing habits can contribute to a range of issues, including headaches, fatigue, and tension in the body.One way to improve your breathing is by paying attention to the way you form certain sounds, such as the vowel "E." When you form this sound, your mouth should be open wide, and you should take a deep breath through your nose before exhaling slowly through your mouth. This technique can help to increase the flow of oxygen to your body and can also help to reduce tension in the neck and shoulders.Chewing is another important aspect of the digestive process, and it is something that we often take for granted. However, proper chewing can help to break down food more effectively, which can aid in the digestion process and help to prevent indigestion. Chewing also plays a role in facial appearance, as it helps to keep the muscles in the face toned and defined.It is important to maintain good posture while speaking and eating to avoid tension in the neck and shoulders. Poor posture can lead to muscle imbalances and strain on the spine, which can cause pain and discomfort. By sitting up straight and keeping your shoulders relaxed, you can help to reduce the risk of these issues and maintain good overall health.3. Massage and stretchMassage and stretching can be helpful in relieving muscle tension, improving range of motion, and increasing blood flow to muscles. These techniques can also help to reduce stress and promote relaxation.If you're experiencing muscle tension or discomfort, it's important to listen to your body and take care of yourself. Massage and stretching can be a helpful part of a self-care routine, but it's always a good idea to consult with a healthcare professional if you have concerns about your health or if your symptoms persist.Summary:It's true that addressing the root cause of an issue is often the most effective way to resolve it. However, in some cases, temporary solutions like massage and stretching can provide relief in the short term while longer-term solutions are being pursued. Maica BalenaJanuary 3, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Can you swallow without teeth contact Maica BalenaJanuary 12, 2023 Next The Most Effective Tips to reduce Jaw or TMJ Pain Maica BalenaDecember 19, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Tips to reduce vertical necklines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/12/29/tips-to-reduce-or-eliminate-vertical-neck-lines"}
Remove Jowls | Dental Chiropractor - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Remove jowls So this is a new thing that I learned from my dental chiropractor. Today, I'd like to talk about how to reduce or prevent jowl Because I learned something new. Let's do the three exercises and tips. Let's do it.Masseter Muscle You know, it's one of those muscles that we don't think about all that often, but it's actually a really important one. I had this really interesting conversation with my Japanese dental chiropractor friend about the masseter muscle and how it affects our faces. And I was really surprised by what he had to say! The masseter muscle is the one that pulls your skin down, which makes your face look rounder and wider. So when you clench your teeth or grind them together without realizing it (and sometimes even when you do), this muscle gets bigger and pulls more on your skin, causing sagginess and giving you a square jaw. So if you're reading this article because you're trying to lose weight or take off some inches from around your face… this may be why it hasn't been working! You may need to start focusing on strengthening your masseter muscles instead of focusing on losing fat around them—it's totally possible! In fact, my friend has something called the Brucie method that helps people strengthen their masseter muscles so they can have a more balanced jawline and look more youthful than ever before! So now I'm really obsessed about reducing this masseter muscle. I know that I teach face yoga and that you're supposed to tell people not to flinch and not to do TCH (temporomandibular joint) exercises, but I have tension in my jaw anyway! So I do them anyway! And so does my sensei—that's what he does for a living: teach people how to do face yoga. He's been doing it for 30 years, so he knows what's up. He's even studying to be a dentist because he's super professional like that—he has had an amazing experience with face facial chiropractic treatment for 30 years. But even if he has tension from being stressed out from studying to become a dentist, he still knows what he's talking about when it comes to reducing stress and tension in your jaw muscles through face facial chiropractic treatments! Depressor muscle Whether you've already watched my YouTube video on how to eat properly or not, the fact is that you should be chewing with your mouth closed. Why? Because it helps keep your jaw in a position where it can't sag and cause jowls. As you may have guessed, I'm a big fan of tape—and for good reason. It's a great way to stop the DAO muscle from moving and causing your jowls to form. The only problem is, if you're like me and get tired of wearing tape all day long (or if it just doesn't stay on long enough), you can use another method: closing your mouth while chewing! So the next time you think about eating or talking with your mouth open, remember: You don't want to be using that depressor anguli oris muscle!Neck StretchHey, I just did my hair and took off the jacket. So you can see my neck, which is a treat for you today. Because we're gonna work on your neck!Do like this. Which side is tighter? Do you feel any difference? Kind of saying maybe this is tighter. I don't know. But the point is you wanna stress the neck because of posture—always make this or like this—always looking down at a computer or something always forward that causes a lot of tension in those muscles like this (sternocleidomastoid and platysma). It's connected, so it pulls on the skin and that's how you get the jowls. So we're gonna do some stretches for those muscles. Don't do anything if you have neck pain unless it doesn't hurt, but unless you don't have neck pain, we can do this one (two), three… open your chest, shoulder down… don't cross your legs… don't do it cause I need a spine straight… then put your fingers in front of the ear because later we'll do like this (don't stretch), don't stretch the neck or eye area here… if it hurts simply like this (it's fine). Let’s summarize some facial exercises that can help to reduce the look of your jowls and make your face look younger.The first exercise is the masseter muscle stretch. Y'all know what a masseter muscle is, right? It's the muscle that helps us chew food and it's also the one that widens our jaws when we're smiling or laughing. But did you know that if you overuse this muscle too much, it can give you a double chin? So what I've been doing lately is trying to reduce how much I use it. When I'm smiling or laughing I try to focus on using only half my face instead of full-on widening my mouth. This helps me keep a more narrow jawline and avoid creating jowls as I get older. Another thing you can do is reduce your sternocleidomastoid neck muscles by stretching them out every day! You can do this by placing two fingers on each side of this muscle and looking up while lifting up your head for ten seconds at a time (don't forget to breathe!). The last thing you can do is hold this stretch for ten seconds with your nose up here—it's easier than it sounds! Guest UserJune 22, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Guest UserJuly 13, 2022 Next To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Guest UserJune 14, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Remove Jowls | Dental Chiropractor - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/6/22/remove-jowls"}
Swallow Without Teeth Contact | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Can you swallow without teeth contact As we all know, we swallow food, drink, and saliva on a regular basis - about 600 times per day, in fact. Did you know that improper swallowing techniques can lead to aging of the face and wrinkles? To help prevent this, I will be sharing three tips for better swallowing that can help lift your skin and reduce wrinkles.#1 Three step swallowI would like to share tips on how to swallow correctly to help prevent wrinkles and aging of the face. The first step is to align your upper teeth with your tongue when swallowing. Next, place the tip of your tongue on the "sweet spot" which is known as mewing. If you're not familiar with mewing, be sure to check out our mewing101 video for more information. The third step is to swallow slowly and smoothly, using a fluid motion similar to that of a ballet dancer. It's important to note that these tips may seem simple, but they can make a big difference in the way you swallow and can help#2 Keep the space between upper teeth and lower teethThis is something that I personally did not realize I was doing wrong for the past 43 years. I learned about this recently, and it was shocking to me that I had been making this mistake for so long. In addition to keeping a small space between your upper and lower teeth while your face is at rest, it's also important to keep this space while swallowing. I learned recently that I had been clicking my upper and lower teeth together every time I swallowed, and it's something that I was doing for about 10 to 20 minutes per day. This may not seem like a lot, but when you consider that humans swallow about 600 times per day, it adds up.#3 Soft swallowWhen swallowing, it's important to avoid using the neck muscles. If you use the neck muscles when swallowing, you're also using facial muscles and this can lead to lines and wrinkles on the neck. Instead, it's important to maintain good posture, keeping your head up and slightly elevated. This can help make swallowing softer and prevent the use of neck muscles. I personally believe that this is a major breakthrough in understanding how to improve swallowing technique and prevent wrinkles and aging of the face. However, I would like to know your thoughts and if you see a difference in your swallowing technique by following this tip.If you're looking for additional exercises to improve your facial posture and reduce wrinkles, we recommend checking out our Koko Face Yoga app available for iPhone and Android. Additionally, for those who are interested in learning more about facial exercises, we also offer an instructor certification program. Whether you're interested in teaching classes or just want to improve your own understanding of facial muscles and posture, this program is a valuable resource. Maica BalenaJanuary 12, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines Maica BalenaJanuary 22, 2023 Next Tips to reduce or eliminate vertical neck lines Maica BalenaJanuary 3, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Swallow Without Teeth Contact | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/1/13/can-you-swallow-without-teeth-contact"}
5 Ways To Use Tape For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Today, I'd like to talk about five ways to use tape for the face. Let's do it.Lip SealThis is the most important one. I do this every single night before I go to bed. It's so simple, but it has made such a difference in my skin! If you are doing mouth breathing while you sleep (I know, it's gross), then this is going to be life-changing for you. It's called the "lip seal." You tape your lips shut at night so that they don't get stretched out and saggy. The tape keeps them closed so that you can breathe through your nose instead of through your mouth. This is so important because if you're breathing through your mouth, then your skin will get stressed and get hot—and then voila: jowls! By taping my lips shut at night, I'm forcing myself to breathe through my nose and stop mouth breathing altogether. It feels weird at first (like sleeping with a big band-aid on), but once you get used to it, you'll be glad that you did! This is a super-easy trick to get a longer philtrum. You need some 3M tapes and a mirror. First, you want to put the tape on your lips, so it's more like on the bottom lip than the top lip. Then take a look at the mirror, and see if it looks like it's touching too much on your upper lip or not enough on your lower lip. If there's not enough contact, peel off some of the tapes and try again until you get it right. Once you have it just right (and I'll tell you how), hold that position for as long as possible—like 30 minutes or even an hour if you can!Chin and DAOI just wanted to show you a quick trick for how to stop overworking one muscle group, and start using another. This is the mentalis muscle—it's overworked in so many people, but it can cause a lot of tension. So here's what you do: First, you'll want to tape up the muscle that's overworking with a piece of medical tape. You don't want it too tight, because then it'll be harder to smile. Just leave it loose enough that when you smile there's no tension at all. Then, use a smaller piece of tape to cover up the rest of the muscles in your face so they aren't working as hard. This will help prevent sagging and make your face look more youthful overall! If you're trying to improve your speaking skills, it's helpful to be aware of the muscles you're using to make certain sounds. For example, when you say "I," make sure that your lower jaw isn't moving while your tongue is making the /ee/ sound. The best way to do this is by practicing with a partner. Have them watch your face while you speak and tell them whether or not your lower jaw was moving during the "ee" sound. If you don't have a partner, there are other options: You can record yourself and play it back on a loop so that you can see what parts of your mouth move when making certain sounds. Or, if you have access to a mirror, try speaking in front of it so that you can see what parts of your mouth move when making certain sounds.Lymphatic drainageI'm so excited to share with you a new technique for lymphatic drainage that my instructor Vasiliki taught me. It's called facial massage, and it's pretty easy to do at home. The idea is that by doing this massage, you help move lymphatic fluid—which is where all of your body's waste products go—from the lymph nodes in your neck and face to the lymph nodes in your chest. This helps move things along more quickly and efficiently, which can help clear up stuffy noses while you sleep. You can do this technique by yourself or with a friend—I prefer to do it solo because it's just easier for me to get everything lined up correctly. But either way works! What you'll need: a roll of tape (any kind will work), an extra pillowcase or two (they don't have to be new), and some time!Masseter MuscleI'm sure you've all heard of the masseter muscle—it's the one that's so strong, it makes everyone's jaw ache. It's also the one that makes it hard for us to relax and fall asleep when we're trying to get some rest. If you're like me, and you struggle with this problem, I've got a solution for you: tape your masseter muscle! I tried it myself, and personally, I'm not sure if it's working or not. But it couldn't hurt to give it a shot! And the great thing is that tape is pretty cheap—so if you have a roll lying around, why not try taping your masseter? You might be surprised at how well this works!ForeheadForehead tension is a classic one and everyone is doing it. Not everyone, but a lot of people are doing it and they're seeing amazing results or highly, highly recommended if you are dealing with a lot of muscle tension in your forehead area. So let me get this one in the 11th two areas 11 and this horizontal one, for 11th, like here, just like this could be a little bit bigger. or could be like this crossing I just wanted not to do too much stuff and it's hard to feel off. So, but I so If I do it, I just did this. And in fact, because I have a pension here levator labii superioris alaeque nasi I tend to do lower, longer like this, but regular people if you're not concerned about levator labii like this wrinkles, you don't have that bad habit. And then you can just focus on the 11th here The first thing to know is that you can't put the tape on your eyebrows. That's really painful because when you peel it off, all the hair comes with it. So don't do that. The second place is this horizontal one on your forehead. Make sure that no hair gets caught in there while you're working on something, or cooking or cleaning or whatever—I don't know—work out or whatever for a long time. I was wearing this when I went to the gym and didn't use that stickiness because I was wearing it. And then later, no one said anything about it being 5:15 AM and everyone being like zombies or whatever, but just be sure to take it off if you go outside where other people can see you! If your forehead wrinkles like this or like this side only, then you can tape just one side of them instead of both sides.So we’ve talked about five areas you can tape for better sleeping, and I hope you try it and let me know how it goes! The first area is just a little bit more pressing up, not down. You don't want your skin sagging when you sleep. The second area is the chin and depressor muscle. The more you use this muscle, the more it'll sag your skin, so put it on in the chin and this depressor will stop that from happening. Next up is number three: lymphatic drainage while sleeping! This works especially well if you have a stuffy nose or sinus issues—you'll put this on the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi (that's a mouthful!) and then all the way up where your lymph node is like here. And then there's number four: masseter. It'd be interesting to know if this works or not just to touch on the masseter muscle a little bit, and last but not least forehead. If you want to reduce tension in your forehead, you can use a smaller or a larger [device]. My forehead is kind of short, and narrow, so I use a smaller [device]. I'm an interesting person anyway, but if I could say only one thing or two things first, my must-have is this thing on the lip. Number five: forehead! This one could be like crossing over each other or a longer one. Guest UserJuly 13, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Maica BalenaSeptember 10, 2022 Next Remove jowls Guest UserJune 22, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Ways To Use Tape For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/7/13/5-ways-to-use-tape-for-anti-aging"}
5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Today I want to talk about asymmetrical mewing and how to fix it. Asymmetrical mewing can cause asymmetrical faces. So if you're trying to create an asymmetrical face, you might want to consider making your mewing more symmetrical. Mewing should be asymmetrical. But if the asymmetry level is worse, it can create an asymmetrical face. Here are five tips to fix your asymmetrical mewing tongue posture.Original Exercise (OG)Asymmetrical mewing is a technique that I personally have been using for a long time now and it has been very effective for me. But before we get started with the actual tutorial, I want to give you some quick tips about how to ensure that you're doing this correctly. Asymmetrical mewing is best done when your head is tilted 45 degrees away from your dominant side so that your tongue can rest against your non-dominant side. It's also important to produce enough saliva while doing this—the more saliva, the better! Finally, since asymmetrical mewing involves opening your jaw wide enough to let air pass through it (and hence produce sound), it's important not to overdo it. If you feel like there's too much pressure on your jawbone, then stop right away!Tongue in the Throat AreaI learned this from Keiko, who taught me. She told me about new ideas. So thank you so much. This is the upper teeth and palate. This is your tongue, right? And let's put the tip of the tongue like the throat, back of the mouth, which is like a throat. And then slowly, slowly slide like this. And when you're doing that, let's try to put it 50-50 symmetrical. Not like this, but sliding. Keep the contact with the palate now it's fully flat. Flat 50-50. What do you think? Doing slowly, the slower the better. Place the Tongue on the Sweet SpotAsymmetrical mewing solution number three is similar to Keiko's method, but it's easier. Actually, this was the one Keiko told me about, but I thought it was easier—but maybe I'm wrong? The key thing to remember with this solution is to place the tip of your tongue on the spot behind your upper teeth, and then slowly slide it outwards toward your front teeth. So here we go, the tip of my tongue on the spot behind my upper teeth. Slowly slide inwards towards my front teeth.MassageI think Leo is correct. The exercises he described are great for stretching and loosening up the muscles, but I don't think it's necessary to do them on both sides of your body. It just doesn't make sense to massage both sides of the neck, for example. It's not like you have a dominant side and an underachieving side—the muscles are pretty much equal on both sides. So why would you work them out differently? You can use this same logic for all the other exercises he described: they're good if you want to focus on one side of your body more than another (like if you have a dominant arm), but there's really no point in doing them both ways.StretchSo I'm gonna do the same thing. So you know what? Let's start with stretch number five which is the position of your chin, tongue, and nose. So let's go ahead and try that one first. So what we're going to do is so bring your shoulders back like this, like this, like this. And then bring your chin towards your chest. And then let me see if I can show you what it looks like from the side. You're gonna be looking straight ahead and then just bring your head down until you feel a nice stretch in your neck there. And then slowly swallow without moving anything else in your body except for your tongue, chin, and nose. Now at this point, I think Leo commented on this massage saying that it felt good too so maybe that would work too but I just wanted to show you guys how to do it with stretching because stretching is good too!So, we've gone through five exercises, and now it's time to see which one works for you.The first one is OG—original face yoga. The second one is tongue in the throat area and slowly slide by keeping 50-50 in the middle center symmetrical mewing. The third one is the opposite place the tip of the tongue behind the upper teeth which is the sweet spot and slowly swallow by trying to maintain 50-50 symmetrically. The fourth one is to massage your dominant side or the sternocleidomastoid or trapezius or could be your neck massage too. And finally, listen to your body: if you have any neck pain, let me know which exercise works best for you! Maica BalenaSeptember 10, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to eat for better faces Advanced version Maica BalenaOctober 4, 2022 Next 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Guest UserJuly 13, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/9/10/5-ways-to-fix-your-asymmetrical-mewing"}
Why Faces Become Longer with Age | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why Faces Become Longer with Age Today I like to talk about why our face becomes longer with and how to stop it.The mouth is slightly openIf your mouth is open all the time, you're probably doing it even when you're sleeping. And that's the reason why your face is so long. Plus, the tongue is probably down. So it's really pressing down all the time.Just remember this: when your mouth is closed, your jaw is like this angle and not like this angle. It's a lot more relaxed. Your face looks much more balanced and proportional than when your mouth is open.So if you want to look younger and prettier, try to keep your mouth closed for as long as possible!Physically stretching face up and downYour whole face is always moving. You're always making expressions and using your muscles, so of course, your face is going to change a little bit over time.I'm talking about the first up stretch. The frontalis muscle is what we call red, which means it's working hard all the time. That's why it's longer than the other ones—it's working harder!But what if you could train yourself to use these muscles less often?If you're not surprised 30 times per day (and who is?), then you don't need your facial muscles to be as long as they are now. If you do this more often, even when you're not surprised, it will make them longer and thinner so that they look more natural.Skin is saggyIf you're wondering why your face is longer than it used to be, the answer is that your skin is saggy.The reason behind the saggy skin isn't so much gravity as it is muscle. The more you use this neck muscle or those muscles, the more they'll drag your skin downward, creating a sagging look.This tension goes from this neck muscle onto the skin, which causes it to start sagging. Another thing that can contribute to facial osteoporosis is facial osteoporosis (or "facial bones" becoming smaller). When these bones shrink, there's a lot of excess fat and excess skin that results in saggy because before my bone was bigger—so now there's much excess skin and fat!We've all heard that your face gets longer as you age. In fact, it's a very common complaint among people in their 70s and 80s. But did you know there are three simple ways to keep your face from getting longer?First, make sure your mouth is closed! If you leave it open, it will set the jaw in a position that makes it look longer.Second, stop using these muscles: masseter, mentalis, and neck muscle. They'll help keep your face short and adorable!Finally, stop stretching downward—especially with your skin! It'll only sag more and make you look older than you really are. Maica BalenaOctober 24, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Maica BalenaOctober 26, 2022 Next How to eat for better faces Advanced version Maica BalenaOctober 4, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Faces Become Longer with Age |  Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/10/18/nm441n3ewfaektrqacfldnojmkofjw"}
3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle | Koko face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Today I'd like to talk about three tips to activate your malaris muscle.If you don't know what the malaris is, check out our Malaris video. But let's do a quick intro. This muscle is tiny and located in your forehead, just above your eye socket. It's the key to lifting up your eyes and cheeks because it's attached here (point to eyebrow). So if you want to have more foxy eyes or more defined open eyes, cat eyebrows, and at the same time lift up your cheeks so you won't have any jaw or sharp jawline—you want to have activated the malaris muscle. Especially if you're white people, you really need to want to do this! The thing is, when you're working out your jaw, it's not only about making it bigger. It's also about making it stronger. And at the same time lift up your cheeks so you will not have any jaw or sharp jawline you want to have activated the malaris muscle. Especially if you're white people, you really need to want to do this. Check the reason in the video. Anyway, let's move on to the three exercises. Let's do it.Aegyosal and MalarisOkay, so this is a new look. I need to give credit to my instructor friends when I was teaching, who taught me and to me, it's really a game changer. So first of all, these malaris muscles are tiny muscles—almost nonexistent in white people—and it's hard to feel them even if you try to wake them up. But now I knew how to really feel them! Let's everyone close their eyes. This is hard for me to explain because I'm closing my eyes, but when you close your eyes and try to feel the malaris only the malaris If you don't know what malaris check the video (video link). Malaris video. But only the malaris This one is dark blue, which means super sleeping. And try to listen up and down with eyes closed. With eyes closed that's the first one. Do you feel it all over the malar? It's like your tongue is up, of course. And do you feel it? I like tongue-up really well, not just from mewing but also really kind of a foundation stabilizer lifted up. So it's easier for you to feel it. This is what we call "malar." Okay? Did you feel it? So let's do it again. Close your eyes and say "aegyo sal." Say "malaris." Do you feel it? To me, there's a big difference. It's like a huge difference between the two. Finally, I can really feel the difference between aegyo sal and malaris by doing this. Please let me know if this works for you too because I don't want to think that this is just me being crazy but I really feel like there's a big difference here. It's hard for me to feel that big difference with my eyes open kind of so if you can do aegyo sal like this slow, don't go too fast, or else it won't work as well but if you can do even ten repetitions per day every single day it will be game-changing by the way guys if you want to know more about other exercises like these we have lots of stuff going on in. Occipital Belly MuscleIf you can lift up your ears, that means your malaris is super active and you can really lift up your face. So I cannot do that, unfortunately. But I'm sure there are many people who can move their ears. Please keep practicing because you don't want to lose the amazing ability and massage. And then maybe this time try to lift up your ears with the fingers, massage the occipital belly muscle and then count it up. Now you understand the difference between aegyosal and Malaris, I assume. Then, for this exercise we need to give credit to Gamze, thank you so much. So, back of the head, we have different muscle occipital belly muscles. So it doesn't have to be like really exactly that area. But I'm going to just like this, but I'm going to put it inside my hair so it feels more direct. And then just massage. If you can. Of course, you can, right? No, of course. But if you can, massage and then massage because it's connected to malaris which is really close to the malaris." I know my ear is not moving, but I'm trying. At least trying is good, right? And then I know it's not moving, but I'm trying the ears, right? So let's do it ten times. Ear lift up with the massage. The tongue is up. Four, three, two, left. Okay, now we're going to try to activate the models. Up, down, up, down. And you're not going to see any movement. Probably very little, but that's okay. Did you feel it? When I do the malaris this entire aegyosal moves (which is totally normal). So that's okay! Although we kind of differentiates aegyo sal and malaris (I like you to), in order to move this aegyo sal moves (which is fine). So let's do it one more time! Head again! Shoulder down before your back and the tongue is up! Original Exercise (OG)This is going to be so much fun! We just did this a few seconds ago, but let's do it again. And now by this point, you should feel more here, so it will be more effective. And this is going to have three steps: Step 1: Put one finger on the muscle, two fingers on the muscle, or three fingers on the muscle. We'll do one each. So I'm going to do this first. So one, two, three. And in the middle of this middle finger is the Malaris area. Imagine that. Step 2: Now move only your muscle—no help from anything else—just move your muscle up and down like you're doing a little kickstart for your own body. Step 3: Move up and down slowly until you feel a little bit of movement under your finger (or fingers). Yes! It's working! The next step is to practice the muscle movements without moving your fingers. This is a great way to isolate the movement of just one muscle group and improve your control over that group. So let's start with the first step: fingers and muscles are both moving up. One, two, three. And this in the middle is the malaris. And then step one is fingers and muscles are both moving up one, two, and ten times slowly. So ten, nine, eight, the tongue is up. Slowly. Three, two, one. You see, you don't see big movement because I'm really like very little, even smaller than this, like this. You barely see the movement. But that's okay. That's fine because it's a tiny muscle. So that was step one. And step two is we're going to only the muscle moving. Fingers, not moving. Only the muscle. Okay now we're gonna move on to step three: One-two-three: And this time look towards me and do the same thing but slightly different because you have to really concentrate after all those dramas! I hope you got it!I hope you enjoyed the exercises! Here's a quick summary: Exercise one: Close your eyes and practice aegyo sal. Feel the difference between this and the malaris. Then repeat it a few times, just to make sure your muscles are waking up.Exercise two: Massage the occipital belly muscle with your fingertips. Feel how relaxed it is, and then try to massage it until it's not so relaxed anymore. (It takes practice!)Exercise three: Run your fingers down the sides of your neck, then use them to lift up one side of your earlobe at a time. Do this ten times on each side, then move on to massaging both sides together for another ten times total. Maica BalenaOctober 26, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why you should keep space between upper and lower teeth Maica BalenaNovember 24, 2022 Next Why Faces Become Longer with Age Maica BalenaOctober 24, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle | Koko face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/10/24/3-exercises-to-activate-malaris-muscle"}
Exercises For Reducing Mid-Cheek Line | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines I'm so excited to share with you today my three exercises and tips for reducing mid cheek line. Without this exercise I was not able to do. Up and out we want to do up and in. This is the maximum I can do, which is the most, one of the most overlooked.1. Lower Eye Lid Lift upWe're going to lift up the lower eyelid, so we want all of our muscles working together for this exercise. So we'll use both hands and both eyes and kind of try to keep our mouth closed as much as possible. So let me show you how tongue is up here. Close your mouth again, keeping your tongue up there (quickly). One hand at a time on both sides, let's focus on lifting up the lower eyelid first with one hand on either side of your face. Then close your mouth again quickly without moving anything else 2. Buccal MassageSo this is a really fun exercise. The first thing we're going to do is do some buccal massage on yourself. Buccal massage is where you use your fingers to gently rub the inside of your cheeks and jawline. t's a great way to relax, relieve stress, and promote circulation by stimulating blood flow. It can also improve skin tone by improving cell turnover rate. To get started, just grab a clean hand—no nail polish or makeup—and gently press your finger into the fleshy part of your cheekbone. Then slowly move your finger along the jawline until you reach the corner of your mouth where two muscles meet.3. Cheek SquatTo do this, I thought about doing a cheek squat, but I always do that so I wanted to do something different. I realized if you have chin tension, which is one of the most overlooked tensions, no one talks about it. But you shouldn't have chin tension because if you have chin tension even if you do a cheek squat, you might be activating this chin tension during your cheek squat. So before doing a cheek squat, it's important to be able to relax and kill this chin tension because the more you have this chin tension, the more it will sag your face.Let’s summarize three exercises to reduce the mid-cheek line: lower eyelid slowly, buccal massage, and cheek squat. Our face yoga app is available on iPhone and Android, and we are also starting an instructor certification course. Face yoga is a great self-care method that can be done for a lifetime. Maica BalenaJanuary 22, 2023 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Maica BalenaFebruary 3, 2023 Next Can you swallow without teeth contact Maica BalenaJanuary 12, 2023 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercises For Reducing Mid-Cheek Line | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2023/1/25/reduce-or-eliminate-mid-cheek-lines"}
How to eat for better faces | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to eat for better faces Advanced version I'm here to talk about how to eat. I already did a how-to-eat video before, but, this one is going to be more advanced. So if you haven't watched the original version, you might want to check it out first. This time there going to be seven steps instead of five, which is the previous version.Food Comes To YouI know you get scared, but this is my Japanese traditional natto—it's not just any old natto. Anyway, instead of you going to the food, natto comes to you! So you can keep a good body posture and maintain a healthy head-to-butt ratio. Your head is on the butt, but when I say on the butt, how do you put your head on your butt? Above it! Keep it here so you don't have to do this—and bring it here—because if you do this, it tends to do chin tension: overworking muscle that you wanna relax.Don’t Show Lower Teeth I was doing a lot of lower teeth when I opened my mouth, but now I'm much more conscious about it. I'm trying to bring the natto here (demonstrates), and then I realize that I'm not showing my lower teeth as much. This muscle is used in addition to this one, which is not good. So if you want to show your lower teeth, it should be a big smile and then it should show less still.Tongue Position When EatingWhen you're eating, it's important to think about where your tongue is in the mouth.When you bring food to your mouth, you want to make sure your tongue is in the middle of your mouth—not on one side or the other. When you get food inside your mouth, put your tongue in the middle and open it wide enough that you can see all of your teeth at once.Try this practice with a small amount of food. You'll be surprised by how much more comfortable it feels!Chewing 50-50When you eat food, your tongue chews. It's probably on the right side a little bit more, but that's okay because we're going to fix it on both cheeks. You guys know this, right? If you've followed me for a long time, you're a Kokonut. And when I say 50-50, that means you should cut your food into two pieces and then put it in both cheeks. This is the most important thing for a symmetrical face because this jaw muscle and this bone is the only bone that dramatically moves, other bones slightly might move because of this movement. But this is how we get asymmetrical faces! Every time we chew our food, we are doing an asymmetrical movement to some extent—that's how we get asymmetrical faces!Cheek up.Are you chewing 50-50?If you're chewing left and right, you're doing it wrong. You should be chewing at the same time—not alternating.That's because the chewing angle matters so much! If you don't chew from both sides, you'll end up with saggy cheeks and a double chin that looks like it's trying to eat itself.So how do we get our cheek muscles working? Well, one way is by opening our mouth and having our tongue in the middle of it (chop chop!). Then close your mouth and start chewing up. That's it! Now your cheeks are getting a good workout, but not overworking your jaw or face muscles. And if you keep doing this every day, eventually those cheeks will lift up into their natural position.Tongue strokingSo the tip of your tongue is going to be stroking this palate back and forth. Try it without food first because it's going to be very difficult for you to do it when you're eating real food. If this is so hard for you to do when you're eating real food, I highly suggest that you practice without food. When you're walking outside or cycling or doing something else, just practice. I can't show you in my mouth obviously, but inside the mouth, the tip of my tongue is back and forth. So when it's up, it's back; and in the middle, because otherwise, it stands up like this. This is my dominant side—it's gonna do that! So try to put it in that middle position—that's critical for symmetry! Soft swallowIf you're like me, you've probably noticed that when you eat and then swallow, you have a tendency to swallow with a lot of tension. Your throat moves up and down in a jerky, unnatural way—like you're shooting a gun or something. That's not only going to make your face sag, but it's also going to make your neck and shoulders hunch up around your ears.So what's the secret? Soft swallowing. When you swallow, it should barely be noticeable in your neck or throat—you should be using mostly tongue force to move the food down instead of unnecessary muscles. This will make eating much easier (and less expensive) because it reduces tension and strain on your body as well as makes it less likely for food to get stuck in your esophagus or teeth. And don't forget: eat small amounts at first!Ok, let's do all seven versions of the quick bite with the real natto food.Step one: Get a small amount of food so you don't have to show your lower teeth and it's good for your health in general.Food comes to me instead of me going to the food.Step two: Open your mouth like a big smile and try not to show your lower teeth.And then you don't want to do and then step three, the tongue is in the middle when you open your mouth.And then step four, chop into 50-50, then chew up step five. Then step six, tongue stroking. Then step seven, soft swallow. I swallowed but you didn't see that much movement right? Keep it relaxed and barely moving. That's the key! Maica BalenaOctober 4, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why Faces Become Longer with Age Maica BalenaOctober 24, 2022 Next 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Maica BalenaSeptember 10, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to eat for better faces | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/10/12/how-to-eat-for-better-faces-advanced-version"}
3 Changes Since I Started Face Yoga | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture Hi everyone. Today, I'd like to talk about three big changes on my face in my face since I studied face yoga. I was looking at some old photos of myself, and there's a big difference, right? I posted on another social media TikTok or something, and this one of the comments said "Oh, I thought that's your mother," which is hilarious because it's me who was 20 years old 19 years old or something and I'm right now 43. So long time ago! But I look so different! Don't you think so? Let me introduce the three big changes I have gained since I studied space yoga.CheekboneI think my cheekbones literally moved. Maybe not… maybe they did. Look at this picture—even though I'm smiling, I swear to you that these cheeks are down to here! And this one is from when I was 21 years old. Can't find any photos where my cheeks are just resting because I was always smiling in pictures, but usually, when people smile, the cheekbones go up, but even though I am smiling here, the cheekbones are down… like really low. Compare that to my friends—they have regular, normal faces with their cheeks up and everything. I think it's because at that time… I mean, I didn't know anything about mewing or face yoga back then. My tongue was also on the bottom of my mouth (which is one of THE worst things). If you ask me now where your tongue is supposed to be when you smile (tip touching teeth or not), around 65% of people won't answer correctly; instead, they'll say it's in the middle or somewhere else entirely.Less visible lower teethI'm not sure if you know this, but when I was younger, I had a habit of showing my lower teeth when I smiled. It was really bad—I'd show my whole mouth and it just looked so weird!I didn't know that there was anything wrong with it at first, though—I thought everyone showed their lower teeth when they smiled. But then one day, while talking to someone, I noticed that they were smiling with their upper teeth showing and not their lower ones. After that, whenever I would smile or laugh, I started noticing that my lower teeth were showing too much. It's taken me a long time to get over this habit, but now that I've changed it, people tell me all the time how much more attractive they think my smile is now.Double eyelidIf you're like me, you've probably always loved the look of a double eyelid. But maybe you've also been disappointed by the fact that it's not easy to get one—and maybe even discouraged by the idea that you can't do it at home. Well, let me tell you: that is not true! Yes, there are some surgical ways to get a double eyelid (and they can be pretty amazing). But if all you want is a little lift in your eyes, there are actually lots of things you can do at home. And one of my favorites is malaris, which is an exercise in lifting up your lower eyelids.Malaris is easy—it's just like any other facial exercise. But what makes it different from other exercises is that it works on both sides of your face at once: on the upper eyelid and the lower one. That means that when you do malaris, you're working out both sets of muscles in your face at once! So instead of just getting a little lift on one side and leaving the other side flat (like with other exercises), malaris gives both sides a lift!Just wanted to give you a quick update. I'm taking a course from a dental chiropractor who specializes in symmetrical faces and time in Japan, so he's got all the gear and is super-specialized for symmetrical faces. He's Japanese and finished school to become a dentist, so that's why I call him a dental chiropractor. Anyway, he's coming in to teach me some awesome techniques—my study of faith yoga face foster continues for a long time, and I'm so glad to share the results with you! Guest UserMay 17, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips for better looking smile Guest UserMay 30, 2022 Next Asymmetrical walking Guest UserMay 12, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Changes Since I Started Face Yoga | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/17/3-changes-since-i-started-face-yoga-and-face-posture"}
Facial Paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome This technique is for Justin Bieber, and anyone else who might be interested in helping those suffering from facial paralysis. It will help people whose condition has just recently been diagnosed—rather than affecting them for a long time already. It would also be effective for people who were just diagnosed with paralysis, such as those who received the diagnosis within a few days or weeks ago.I want to talk about face exercises. I know I'm a face instructor and I teach face exercises all the time, but please don't do them if you've recently gotten facial paralysis. It's not going to work. For example, Justin here has right-side paralysis. If you try moving this side, it doesn't work because the nerves are damaged and there's no way to move them. Only this side moves—the active side only moves. If you're trying to do an exercise on both sides or just this one, it's not going to work either because only this side works and can cause more asymmetry after you recover from your injury (if it's not too severe). It can also cause more asymmetry in the long run if you try to move the paralyzed area—it's impossible!ModiolusThe chin is the center of your face. It's where all your muscles start from, and it's next to your mouth. If you want to make sure that your face stays youthful, you don't want to stretch the skin around the chin and make it sag later on in life. So relax your chin and then lift up a little bit so that your skin stays taught, otherwise, it tends to go naturally down by itself—and then your thumb doesn't move at all inside. It moves only outside and looks like this: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5; reverse 1, 2, 3, 4, 5; thumbs look like they're moving but I'm not trying to move them at all—I'm just moving them inside. And if you paralyze one side only (you can do this) or do both sides (it might be helpful), you'll feel the difference!BuccinatorSo the buccinator muscle is a muscle that's on the inside of your cheek, and it helps you to smile. It's like this little dimple area here. It's a little bit deeper down than your cheekbone.And then again, not just moving inside—it's moving around your mouth. So like when you smile, some people have cute dimples! I don't have them, but you might have them. They look like they're up and out here (indicating). And for purpose of this tutorial, I'm doing a quick version of the dimple exercise. But you can do it longer if you want!The cheek muscleThe muscles that control our facial expressions are called the muscles of facial expression, and they're located in our cheekbones and around our eyes.When you get facial paralysis, these muscles are in a deep sleep state and need to be woken up with a light massage. To do this, you can massage the zygomaticus major and minor muscles by placing your thumbs on either side of your nose and moving them toward the middle of your face. You want to do this at least twice a day for about five minutes at a time.Chewing MuscleThe chewing muscle masseter muscles are famous for TMJ grinding. But even when you have facial paralysis, you can't chew. You still want to massage it!So, we're going to press your finger here. Make sure your nail isn't too pointy—or at least not so pointy that you're hurting yourself. The idea is that you want to get as much pressure as possible into this area. You can do this on both sides if you want, but the paralyzed side will probably feel more different or weird than the other side.Temporalis MuscleThe temporalis muscle is a muscle that connects to the temple area and moves when you chew. It's connected to this muscle, this one, and this one. That's why when you chew you see movement in your temple area. It moves!You can massage it yourself by pressing gently on the top of your head (where your hairline is) and moving your fingers toward your ear. You'll feel some resistance at first but eventually, it'll loosen up—just keep massaging until it does! Lateral Pterygoid MuscleWe're going to work on a muscle called the lateral pterygoid. It's another chewing muscle, so you'll use your fingers and follow the upper teeth. Start by following the upper teeth in a little bit up from where they meet your jaw, then back down. It's like the wisdom teeth area. Then do this—it's hard to do with a thumb this way, but it feels great! And then do the opposite, then massage as you drop your jaw. You could also do it like this: sandwich between two hands, with one hand cupping one side of your face and one hand cupping the other side of your face. This is especially helpful for paralyzed people who want to get their mouths open more easily.Medial Pterygoid MuscleWhen you're chewing, this muscle is really important for biting down and creating a lot of saliva in your mouth. But when you're paralyzed, it kind of loses its function. So it deteriorates over time and we want to wake up by doing massage therapy on these muscles.Here's how: follow the upper teeth, then the lower teeth, then back to the upper again—in between them is where you'll find the medial pterygoid muscle. Follow it until you hit a bone called the mandible bone, then go inside and feel for something long vertically that runs along the inside of your mouth—it might be hard to find at first but keep looking! Now when you close your mouth and bite down on something solid like an apple or potato chip or whatever else is on hand right now (lol), it will contract as well. Once you've found it, go ahead and rub that sucker until you see results!So now that you've gotten a feel for how to do a buccal massage, let's quickly review the seven areas of buccal massage.Number one: Modiolus up. This massages the muscles along the inner side of your cheeks and below your eyes.Number two: The dimpled area, or dimple one—this massages the muscles around your mouth and chin.Number three: The cheeks—you can do this for longer than I'm just doing here. You can also massage in a circular motion around your mouth and chin to massage these muscles as well.Number four: Chewing muscle—the chewing muscle is located near where your upper teeth meet your lower jawbone and temple area.And lastly… medial pterygoid muscle… follow the upper teeth and then a little bit up from there, as well as the lateral pterygoid muscle… hit both sides at once for an even better effect!You can also add some extra touches like inside here this inside the wall, and then inside you'll feel the long vertical one then massage or not so much that it hurts but enough so that you're able to notice it. Guest UserJune 14, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Remove jowls Guest UserJune 22, 2022 Next 5 Tips for better looking smile Guest UserMay 30, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Facial Paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/6/11/to-justin-bieber-or-whoever-got-facial-paralysis-ramsay-hunt-syndrome"}
Certification Live | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Certification Live PreviousSleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark NextTrial 45min without Mouth Piece Certification Live Certification Live $3,664.50 Thank you so much for taking the first step in becoming a Koko Face Yoga Instructor! We will email you for the next step within 24h business day. Quantity: Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Since you purchased the combination of Essentials and Advanced, please download this worksheet here instead so you'll have everything already printed off and won't have to go to any extra trouble printing off Essentials and then Advanced. Focus on the pages marked with an E in the upper righthand corner as they mark the Essentials pages. Download Worksheet Please let us know if you have any questions at all, we're here and happy to help! Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Certification Live | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/certification-for-koko-face-yoga-essentials-kakx6"}
5 Tips For Better Looking Smile - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips for better looking smile Today, I'd like to talk about five tips for a beautiful smile. Let's do it. Don't show lower teethWhen it comes to smiling, I've always been a bit of a perfectionist. That's why I'm so excited to share my number one tip with you today:Always show your top teeth when you smile.If you're anything like me, you've probably developed the bad habit of pulling your lower teeth into view when you smile—and that's no good! It's important to show off your top teeth because they're more attractive and they help keep your face looking balanced and young.I know it can be hard to break a habit, but I promise if you practice this one simple trick for a couple of weeks, it'll become second nature in no time!MewingWant to know how to make your smile better?If you don't know what mewing is, check out our mewing101 video first. But assuming you do, when you smile, you want to have good tension here just by mewing and then smiling. So let's do an experiment: smile without mewing and smile with mewing.Mewing means tongue posture—correct tongue posture. Yep, I did that. And I feel like you might not see any huge difference here, but just touching, resting on the top of the roof of the mouth. I feel good tension here and less tension here. One of my clients is a doctor and she said that she had a gummy smile before she started practicing this technique, but when she does it now (mews), she doesn't have to show off her gummy area anymore! So that was interesting!V smileThe first thing to know is that there are two muscles that move your mouth when you smile: the masseter muscle and the zygomaticus major and minor muscles. The masseter muscle is what moves your jaw up and down, so if you're doing an E smile, it's moving up and down with every smile. It's overdeveloped in most people because we tend to do this kind of smile so much more than a V smile, which we'll talk about next. The second muscle is the zygomaticus major and minor muscles—these are responsible for moving your cheeks outward when you smile (or frown). So when you do a V smile, they're pulling your cheekbones out like this (demonstrates).I think most people don't know this information because they don't realize how important it is to have a balance between these two muscles—if one of them gets overdeveloped, it can cause problems later in life. So let me show you one of my favorite exercises that will help correct any imbalance between these muscles! I'm going to show you an exercise that will help you smile more with your cheeks and less with your jaw. It's called the cheek smile, and it works by using the si fu zygomaticus major and minor muscles that are used in smiling without using too much of chewing muscle or chin tension. To do this exercise, first place your index fingers a little below where your ears meet your jawline. Then lift up, dropping your shoulders as well as your head. Focus on keeping a smile on your face as you look down. After doing this for a few seconds, slowly bring yourself back to the front position. At this point, imagine that your chin doesn't exist anymore—only your cheeks are lifting up. Keep them in this mewing position while smiling only with the cheek muscles—not showing any teeth besides your upper teeth!Relax the nose muscleIt's called the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi.That's a mouthful, but it's worth remembering because it will help you get that bunny smile look out of your face.You know, the one where your nose becomes wider and you look like you're constantly smiling to the side? It's not a cute look, I promise!I've always hated the way my cheeks get wider when I smile or laugh, so I'm always looking for ways to keep them slim. And this muscle can help with that! It's located on the side of your nose, just above where your lips meet your cheekbone. To find it, place one finger right below your nostril and another just above—that's where the muscle is located. Now all you need to do is relax it! To do this, hold both fingers in place (you don't want them moving) while curling your tongue up behind them toward your teeth as far as possible (again, don't worry if it feels unnatural). Hold this position for 10 seconds at a time and repeat 10 times total—it may take some practice before you feel like you've got it down pat!Smile with eyesIt's surprising how much of a difference it can make to smile with your eyes. If you just smile like this (demonstrating), it looks kind of scary, right? But if you smile with your eyes (demonstrating), it's so much more natural!And this is especially important when you're wearing a mask—I'm still wearing one for protection, but even if you're not, it's important to show that you're smiling. In Japan, the half-moon shape is considered good because it shows that you're smiling without causing crow's feet too much. That way we don't have to overwork our outer eye muscles!To prevent overworking those muscles, I like the skin-ironing technique. When you apply skincare cream or eye cream, just use light pressure like this (demonstrating).So let me summarize the tips. First, never ever show lower teeth only upper teeth only a tiny smile. You might smile like this—that's beautiful, too. You don't have to show your upper teeth all the time, but the idea is never to show your lower teeth because that's the most important.Second, always make sure you have good tension here—not too much tension and not too little. This will be very useful especially if you are having TMJ pain, grinding, and clenching those things.Third, the V smile instead of the E smile remember the BTS story? Not a boxy smile because that doesn't mean it's going to be good-looking in the future! We have to think ahead of the game. Guest UserMay 30, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Guest UserJune 14, 2022 Next 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture Guest UserMay 17, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips For Better Looking Smile - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/30/5-tips-for-better-looking-smile"}
Back sleep pillow & side sleep pillow | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Back sleep pillow & side sleep pillow PreviousMedical Tape 3M Durapore Silk-Like Cloth Next“Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets Back sleep pillow & side sleep pillow Back sleep pillow & side sleep pillow $0.00 Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Purchase Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Back sleep pillow & side sleep pillow | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/back-sleep-pillow-side-sleep-pillow"}
Asymmetrical Walking Cause Asymmetrical Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical walking There's a lot of talk about the connection between the body and the face. It's true: an asymmetrical body creates a symmetrical face and vice versa. Let me explain!The muscles of your face are connected to your body through tendons that attach to bones. So if your body is asymmetrical, so will the muscles in your face. An asymmetrical body causes asymmetry in the face and vice versa. I'm going to show you some examples of how bad walking can create an asymmetrical body and how to fix it!Shoulder downIf you're like me, you've probably wondered why people walk asymmetrically. I know I have!It's always seemed odd to me that most people don't walk perfectly symmetrically—that one side of their body is usually more extended than the other. And if you're like me, you've probably wondered if it was something about your body that made this happen. But after some research, I've realized that it's not just us—it's everyone!Asymmetrical movement can also happen with our heads: we might tilt one way while walking straight ahead, but tilt the opposite way when we turn around to go in the other direction. This results in a very slight head rotation towards one side or another as we walk around corners. It's almost impossible not to do this—it's hardwired into our brains! Arm imbalance I've been working on my walking posture and I've seen some really amazing results. One of my really amazing friends in Japan is the world-famous walking instructor Kimiko, and we did a video a couple of years ago so check it out if you haven't watched it because there she's introducing three tips for good walking posture. She works her way up from standing to sitting to walking, which is great because it gives you time to practice each step individually before moving on to the next one.One of her points is arm balance—she always says you kick back but instead of walking like this with your arms straight out in front of you, looking forward for the first no instead of kick back and kick back keep coming back this kick back thing is more important than anything else. And then arm two: You wanna kick and swing your arms back not forward like this very lot of people are doing this—if I exaggerate that's what happens when I see someone who's walking asymmetrically; it looks like they're only swinging one arm forward too much.RhythmAsymmetrical walking is something that happens to everybody, including those who walk perfectly symmetrically.It's normal! It's healthy! It's a natural part of life. It just means you're being human!The key to making asymmetrical walking work for you is finding ways to balance it out. Maybe that means taking smaller steps when you're carrying heavy grocery bags—or maybe it means taking bigger steps when you're walking with a backpack on your back. Either way, your body will thank you for working with it instead of against it!Let me summarize the three bad asymmetrical walkings that you might be doing so you can stop right now. First off is shoulder down. If you're doing this, it means your shoulders are rolling forward and overworking the muscles in your back, which can lead to all kinds of problems. You want to make sure that your shoulders are always level with each other, like so:Next up is an arm balance. This one can be tricky because it's easy for people with weak arms or wrists to use their upper body too much as they walk, but if you find yourself doing this one a lot then chances are you have strong legs but weak arms. The best way to fix arm balance is to practice walking with a ball—just hold onto it and walk around while holding it at chest level.The last bad asymmetrical walking pattern that I want to talk about today is rhythm. This one can happen when you put your feet down too hard or too soft, or if one foot hits the ground at different times than another foot does when you're walking (one foot hits first). Guest UserMay 12, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture Guest UserMay 17, 2022 Next Relax Butt Chin Guest UserMay 8, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical Walking Cause Asymmetrical Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/12/asymmetrical-walking"}
Certification | KFY Essentials | Product Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Certification Previous“Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets NextSleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark Certification Certification $3,664.50 Thank you so much for taking the first step in becoming a Koko Face Yoga Instructor! Here is the page link with the course information: https://kokofaceyoga.com/kfy-advanced-certification and the password: Facepolice2023 Quantity: Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Since you purchased the combination of Essentials and Advanced, please download this worksheet here instead so you'll have everything already printed off and won't have to go to any extra trouble printing off Essentials and then Advanced. Focus on the pages marked with an E in the upper righthand corner as they mark the Essentials pages. Download Worksheet Please let us know if you have any questions at all, we're here and happy to help! Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Certification | KFY Essentials | Product", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/certification-for-koko-face-yoga-essentials"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Relax Butt Chin Guest UserMay 8, 2022 Eliminate double chin Guest UserMay 4, 2022 Do remove wisdom teeth if Guest UserMay 1, 2022 Don't remove wisdom teeth Guest UserApril 27, 2022 Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines Guest UserApril 26, 2022 Eliminate crow's feet Guest UserApril 22, 2022 How to whiten eyes Guest UserApril 18, 2022 Guest Article: How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles (100% Naturally!) Koko HayashiApril 14, 2022 Facial muscles vs Body muscles| Guest UserApril 8, 2022 4 Chewing muscles to relax Guest UserApril 4, 2022 Eliminate Frown Lines Guest UserMarch 30, 2022 How to relax chin tension Guest UserMarch 24, 2022 5 Bad habits to strengthen DAO Guest UserMarch 18, 2022 5 Bad habits to cause TMJ Guest UserMarch 8, 2022 5 Bad habits to cause jowls Guest UserMarch 5, 2022 Mewing Advanced Technique Guest UserMarch 1, 2022 Create Fuller Lips Guest UserFebruary 26, 2022 How to drink Guest UserFebruary 16, 2022 Fix Sunken Eyes Guest UserFebruary 9, 2022 Hair Style Tips for Asymmetrical Face Guest UserFebruary 4, 2022 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1652360400909"}
Media Kit Japanese Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Media Kit Japanese 「ハリウッド式美顔ヨガ」Amazon購入 7/31/2023までにAmazonで購入しレビューしていただいた方には、無料のデイリーコース（1日3分X 月曜〜日曜）をプレゼント！ここから応募してください。 ソーシャルメディア ＆ LINE追加してね ココハリウッド顔ヨガエキスパート 北海道生まれ育ち、東京で整形失敗をきっかけに、顔ヨガに目覚め、2018年ロサンゼルスに移住して以来、顔ヨガをハリウッドセレブなどに指導（顧客はキム・カーダシアンなど）ソーシャルメディアのフォロアーは、合計で100万人以上ロサンゼルスヨガエキスポで一位獲得をきっかけに、メディア出演多数（カーダシアン家のお騒がせセレブライフ、シャークタンク、ネットフリックスのマジック・フォー・ヒューマンなど） 520,000 followers 575,900 followers 155,000 followers 138,00 followers (individual and business) 28,800 followers メディア出演カーダシアン家のお騒がせセレブライフシャークタンクマジック・フォー・ヒューマン（ネットフリックス）など セレブリティ顧客キム・カーダシアン（彼女は本物（”legit”）とツイートされる）スティーブ・ハーヴィーなど コラボ実績 カーダシアン家のお騒がせセレブライフ（テレビ番組） グィネス・パルトローのライフスタイルブランド 全米で最も人気のあるコメディアン、スティーブ・ハーヴィーの番組 世界で最も使われているスキンケアブランド Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Media Kit Japanese", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/media-kit-japanese"}
Products | Face Wash | Eye Cream | Face Serum Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Category All skin Medical Tape 3M Durapore Silk-Like Cloth $4.50 Back sleep pillow & side sleep pillow $0.00 sold out “Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets $9.95 Certification $3,664.50 Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark $39.97 Certification Live $3,664.50 Trial 45min without Mouth Piece $400.00 1h with Mouth Piece $800.00 2.5h with Mouth Piece $1,500.00 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Products | Face Wash | Eye Cream | Face Serum", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product"}
Do Remove Your Wisdom Teeth | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Do remove wisdom teeth if We've got some special guests today: Dr. Afzali, aka Dr. Wisdom Teeth. And we did a video about when you should remove your wisdom teeth and another one about when you shouldn't. If you haven't seen those yet, check them out before watching this one! Today we're going to talk about when you should remove your wisdom teeth—and here are four conditions that might make that necessary:PathologySo, first off, pathology is a disease. One of the things that can happen when you're dealing with pathology is that there is an accumulation of fluid in the area. That's called a cyst, and if it continues to grow, it forms a little sack around itself and then eventually breaks through that sack and comes out on its own—but sometimes something goes wrong and that sack doesn't break through, and instead just stays there accumulating more materials. That's what we call an abscess, which can be common in wisdom tooth areas as well as other areas.So if you have a cyst or an abscess around your wisdom teeth or any other part of your mouth, you definitely want to remove it as soon as possible because it can cause problems down the road! If you have a wisdom tooth growing in, you might want to get it taken out. It's possible that it will come in at an angle and damage the second molar—or even come out altogether.TMJIf you think about it, TMJ is just your jawbone and the muscles around it. It's kind of like a hinge that opens and closes every time you eat or talk. But what happens when something goes wrong with that hinge?One of the most common problems is uneven contact between your upper and lower teeth. If one tooth is higher than another, this creates an uneven surface for your bite to rest on. This can cause long-term muscle spasms in the face, and it can even affect your ability to chew food properly.The good news is that this problem is easy to fix—if you catch it early enough! If you're starting to notice muscle spasms in your face or trouble chewing food, schedule an appointment with your dentist as soon as possible. They'll be able to tell if there's anything wrong with the way your jawbone moves around inside its socket, which could lead to serious problems down the road if left untreated.Wisdom ToothSo now we are going to talk about the third condition, which is wisdom teeth.If your wisdom tooth has cavities like this one, you see that both of them have cavities on the side that touches the adjacent tooth, and the adjacent tooth has already developed cavities from the wisdom teeth. You see that this one isn't fully in its socket, it's tilted to one side. This is another version of a horizontally positioned tooth. The crown is out and the root is tilted, and of course it has a cavity in it.We are covering two things here: One is if you have extensive cavities on this plate that adversely affects your adjacent tooth like this one does or is not useful to have any point of contact with your healthy tooth because it's not straight and it's not having any useful function in your mouth, so why keep something like that? The other thing we're covering is if you don't have any pain right now but still want to get your wisdom teeth removed because they could cause complications later on. Remember: Pain is just one indicator; it doesn't give you the whole story!Mandibular Nerve So the fourth condition I have here is that this tooth is very close to the nerve. This is the mandibular nerve, which goes from here to here. It's also called the lower jaw.Now, this type of impaction can be painful for some patients. But not all of them will be affected by it. Mostly it depends on how much pressure they feel when this tooth is in their mouth.In most cases, I recommend getting a wisdom tooth removed if it's covered in bone and you're 22 years old or younger—ideally even younger than that. The reason is that these teeth are easy to remove—they don't require much surgery and they don't cause much discomfort afterward.You know, it really depends on your goals. If you're looking for alignment, and you want to get your teeth straightened out, then obviously having the wisdom teeth come in is not going to help with that. But if you're not interested in alignment, or if you have enough space between your teeth so that the wisdom teeth don't cause any crowding, then there's no reason not to keep them in. They've already come in and are there, so why not?But if you do want alignment, then removing the wisdom teeth can really help with that. And if they're causing crowding or pain, then by all means—remove them! Guest UserMay 1, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate double chin Guest UserMay 4, 2022 Next Don't remove wisdom teeth Guest UserApril 27, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Do Remove Your Wisdom Teeth | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/8/do-remove-wisdom-teeth-if"}
Relax Butt Chin- 3 Tips And Exercises | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Relax Butt Chin I'm here today to talk about double chins. Double chins are pretty common, but they're also pretty easy to fix. The good news is that double chins are bigger muscles than other facial muscles, so it's easier to work with them. We'll talk about three exercises you can try and some tips on how to correct your posture, so let's get started!Resting face posture It's also about posture. The face is the most important part of your body when you're trying to show off your best side or make a statement, but it can't do its job if the rest of your body isn't ready for action. That's where mewing comes in! Mewing is a posture exercise that involves keeping your tongue up and chin down as much as possible throughout the day. It makes your neck muscles strong, which helps keep your head held high and gives you more confidence overall.But what happens when you're not even trying to look good? That's where time posture comes in! Mewing for 23 hours per day will help keep your head up no matter what else is going on around you—and we all know how hard those days can be sometimes!Chin and cheeks separationWe're moving on to the next exercise. This one is really easy and can be done anywhere, but you should only do it if you have no neck pain. If you do have neck pain, this will just make it worse. When you do this exercise, sit up straight and keep your head level. Don't tilt it back or forward—just keep it level with your butt. Then cross your legs if you want, but don't move around too much or slouch in any way. Your spine should be straight and tall and your head should be level with your butt. That's good posture!Now open your chest and shoulders, keeping a straight back and chin level. Slowly close your eyes while looking up at the ceiling for 10 seconds—this is a big stretch for your neck muscles! Then come back down slowly into a relaxed position with chin down and tongue out as long as possible (but not sticking out like an elephant). Repeat this two or three times per day for the best results!Platysma stretchYou know more people than ever have been concerned about double chin because of bad posture. For example, when you're working on the computer, it's easy to put your head down and keep it down! It's not just the computer either—it's any number of things. You could be sitting at a desk all day at work, or in front of the TV with your family on the couch.It doesn't matter what you're doing—if you keep your head down for too long, the platysma muscle will stretch out and make your skin hang loose. This is bad news for anyone trying to avoid a double chin. And if your platysma muscle is already stretched out from poor body posture, then you're going to have that loose skin even sooner!The solution is simple: good body posture! But how do you get there? My solution is the head pillow on my gaming chair. It really supports my head and shoulders, so I'm less likely to slump forward when I'm sitting there playing games. If I don't use it (or if I forget), I can feel myself slumping forward after just a few minutes!Now let us summarize the three tips and exercises. First, we talked about mewing. It's a great way to remove, prevent, and improve double chin conditions.Second, we discussed how you don't necessarily have to do this exercise if you don't have time, but unless you have neck pain or tight muscles in your neck, try looking up at the ceiling with your eyes closed and then tapping your nose. This will help stretch out your neck muscles and relieve tension from them. You can also try touching the tip of your tongue to the ceiling.Third, we talked about doing a 45-degree angle head lift: look up at the ceiling while lifting up both temples like this. Then touch your nose while looking over to the other side for 10 seconds (or longer if it feels good). You can also do this exercise with one temple lifted up higher than the other—this will target different areas of tension in your neck muscles.And finally, we discussed another variation on this exercise where you lift both temples up and then tilt your head down so that you're looking at the floor from above (instead of from straight ahead). Guest UserMay 8, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Asymmetrical walking Guest UserMay 12, 2022 Next Eliminate double chin Guest UserMay 4, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Relax Butt Chin-  3 Tips And Exercises | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/8/relax-butt-chin"}
3 Exercises To Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines Let's talk about mid-cheek lines. These lines happen to very young children or even babies, or they can happen because of the body, not the facial bone structure but it changes with age. I'm talking about the mid-cheek lines that happen to you after you grow up because of aging.We're going to introduce three exercises to improve or reduce or prevent these mid-cheek lines!Cheek MassageSo, today I'm going to show you a quick technique that can help get rid of that pesky mid-cheek line.If you've been wondering how to get rid of your mid-cheek line (or even if this is something new for you), this exercise is for you. It involves hooking the cheekbone and maxilla slightly up to quickly massage the area.This is a great way to get rid of puffiness or staggered lymphatic drainage in the face. If those things are causing your mid-cheek line, then this technique will work for sure!But if it's not puffiness or staggered lymphatic drainage causing your mid-cheek line, this massage might not be enough to do the trick—in which case I recommend trying some other long-term solutions.Lower Eyelid Lift UpLet's work on those muscles today.You know, the last one was all about relaxation and improving lymphatic flow. But today we're going to focus on this muscle—the one that gets wrinkles on your face.The reason why you get wrinkles is because of two things: your eyes are drooping (they're actually sagging), and your forehead is being pulled up by a muscle that's overactive.So we want to wake up this muscle because it's asleep or it's not functioning properly. So we're going to try lifting up your lower eyelid with a finger below the eye—not just any finger though! Try using one of these fingers below the eye, which is a tiny bit saggy because we don't want it to be too tight when we lift up the upper eyelid (that would be too much).Cheek SquatThe next exercise is called "signature chicks."If you've never heard of this one before, don't worry—we'll walk you through it!Basically, what we're doing is lifting up our cheek muscles with cheek muscles. We're not using our neck muscles or anything like that; we're just using our cheeks to lift up the eye muscles and make them look more lifted and youthful.So, go ahead and do a few squats and then when you're done with those squats, put your upper teeth on top of your bottom lip as much as possible. Then inside your mouth (with a mirror if possible), press down with your tongue as much as possible, while lifting up your palate with your cheek muscles as much as possible. Make sure to use only cheek muscle and not neck muscle. You can cheat if necessary because we all have different abilities at different ages, but for best results, try not to use neck muscle at all!We've been doing a lot of exercises today, so I wanted to make sure we have a chance to review them all. The first one was massage. You can use your knuckles or lower arm like this, or like this. I like hookah best. Then you can also put your arm on your table and look down at it, which might be more effective for you. This is my favorite hookah!The second one is relaxation: Lower eyelids lift up 10 times slowly. Exercise number two is all the characters—so can I lower eyelid lift up? Because it's classic, we've been doing a lot of this one too! So what I wanted to give you was some variation by pressing the fingers and pressing down, then doing the same thing but without seeing it move because it's very tiny—and that's okay! It's a tiny muscle if you do big movements; otherwise, you'll just call the wrinkles and use other muscles instead of this tiny muscle here. So tiny movement is better as long as you feel it—it's fine! Exercise number three is classic chicks and leaves: Pressing eighth place on top of the bottom life than inside the mouth (with tongue). Guest UserApril 26, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Don't remove wisdom teeth Guest UserApril 27, 2022 Next Eliminate crow's feet Guest UserApril 22, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Exercises To Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/4/26/eliminate-mid-cheek-lines"}
Don Not Removing Wisdom Teeth - Conditions | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Don't remove wisdom teeth Today we got a very special guest, Dr. Wisdom's teeth. I'm going to cover four conditions that you. When if you have any of those, you want to have a second thought before deciding about the removal of your business is okay. Wisdom TeethIf you have wisdom teeth, you may be wondering if it's possible to remove them. Well, there are two conditions that must be met before a dentist can perform a removal:First, you have to have fully erupted wisdom teeth in your mouth. This means they are visible and fully developed. If they are not fully developed, then they need more time to grow out of the gum tissue and develop into teeth.Second, the wisdom teeth must be located in the correct position. If they are not positioned correctly (facing forward), then they will cause problems with chewing and food passage, making it impossible for them to function properly in your mouth.You don't have to remove it; listen to it.Let's talk about wisdom teeth.If you have them and they're causing problems, there's a good chance your dentist will recommend removing them. But before you go ahead with the procedure, it's important to consider whether or not that makes sense for your situation.A lot of times, we can treat wisdom teeth without having to remove them. In fact, if they don't cause problems and are just generally healthy, we may recommend keeping them in place until something goes wrong or you decide that it's time for another treatment option.Here's why: If we remove a wisdom tooth—or any tooth at all—there's always a chance that something unexpected will happen later down the road when we need another treatment option. For example, let's say that over time you end up needing a root canal on one of your wisdom teeth and then lose that tooth altogether; now you have to get an implant instead of just getting a simple filling because the other root canal tooth was removed years ago! It sucks! And it costs more money! And if we had just kept your wisdom teeth intact (or removed only when necessary), this wouldn't happen! Two Top Wisdom TeethSo, let's talk about the third condition. Yeah, that one can be a little tricky, but I want to make sure that everyone gets it really well so let's talk about the two top wisdom teeth. I've marked them with red dots and the two bottom ones with green arrows. If you look at their position, both sets have points of contact with the second molar on both sides—so if you go to the doctor and he says all four wisdom teeth need to come out, which is what I'd agree with because there isn't enough space for them to grow, then look at what happens when you remove these too. You're losing chewing surface with your second molar in here… and here… and especially on the right side where it's just touching these second little lids. The top one will grow down over time if you remove the bottom ones too! It'll come down and act as an interfering force—it'll be like this!Risk of removal of Vision FeedNow, the fourth condition is when the risk of removal of vision feed is much more than the benefits of removing it. For example, in this slide, there are three wisdom teeth that can come out. It's okay if this wisdom tooth does not cause a problem and I will elaborate on that later. But you don't want to remove this wisdom tooth if it's far up and there is no bone here to cover it. Look at the thickness of the bone covering that. Just the amount of trauma that is introduced to your TMJ (temporomandibular joint) when a doctor removes so much bone and then pulls out the root touching your sinus—this is your sinus—is too much for me. This is treatable but not pleasant if you don't have to do it; therefore, I would rather not touch these teeth because they are too far up and there's no bone here to cover them.If you're thinking about getting a wisdom tooth removed and your doctor tells you to go ahead, take a second look at the x-ray.There are four conditions that are almost always present in wisdom teeth that make them difficult or impossible to remove. If your doctor doesn't mention any of these things and just tells you to get it out, ask them to show you the x-ray—it's a good idea to know what you're dealing with before you go under the knife.If your doctor says there's nothing wrong with the wisdom tooth and they don't mention any of these four things, it might be worth looking at another opinion before making a decision. Guest UserApril 27, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Do remove wisdom teeth if Guest UserMay 1, 2022 Next Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines Guest UserApril 26, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Don Not Removing Wisdom Teeth - Conditions | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/8/dont-remove-wisdom-teeth"}
Eliminate Double Chin | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate double chin Today I'd like to talk about the double chin good news about this double chin is it's a relatively easier fix because it's a bigger muscle compared to other facial muscles, so let's talk about three exercises and tips face posture tips. Let's do it.Face PostureHere's the deal: your face is resting, and it's not doing anything. But that doesn't mean it can't look great! Here's a before and after of my own face, showing how much difference a little mewing can make.Notice that when I'm just sitting here, my tongue is down in my mouth. That means my neck muscles are relaxed, so my posture looks a little droopy. But when I lift up my tongue, instantly all those muscles get tight and my posture pops right up!You should always be doing this time posture—but if you don't know what new English is sure to check out our mewing101 video first.Face ExerciseLet's move on to face exercises, and then we'll move on to neck exercises.So for this exercise, you want to make sure you're sitting up straight. Don't cross your legs. Then put your head on your butt. The answer is there. It's not like this or anything like that, so we keep good posture then one two three and open your chest shoulder down then slowly close your eyes and look up big stretch on the neck and then try to touch the ceiling 10 seconds then come back it's a bit more tiring because I'm making sounds, but if you don't want to use any other throat muscles then don't make any sounds either—don't use sound!Don't stick out your tongue too much because that's weird; just stick out your tongue all the way up but don't stick out your chin like this (demonstrates). You want a skinny tongue not a fat one like this (demonstrates again). And then we want to do pointy tongues not flat ones like this (demonstrates again).Body PostureI'm here to talk about body posture. It's something that a lot of people—especially young people—are concerned about today. And the reason for this is that bad posture can cause a double chin and other loose skin on your neck and chest.As you probably know, when you're working on the computer or sitting at your desk all day, it's easy to get into a habit of holding yourself in a way that causes your neck and chest muscles to be stretched out. This makes the skin underneath them loose, which can lead to double chins and even worse: triple chins!So what can you do? Well, if you sit at a desk all day like me, my solution is my head pillow on the chair. I got this gaming chair, and there's a pillowcase on it for the head. This really supports good posture because if I don't have my head attached to this pillow, it trains me to have good posture all the time—and I think that if you're not fat and still have loose skin here (like me), then your body posture must not be as good as it could be.Let me break down three exercises for you. The first one is mewing. I'm sure you know what that is—just make a sound like a cat! And the second exercise is to look up, but don't hold your neck in place; let it move as much as possible. Close your eyes and try not to touch your chin with your finger. Then open your eyes, point your tongue at the ceiling, and then close them again before touching your nose with it.Now for the third exercise: Look up 45 degrees, then lift up your temples like this—you should feel a stretch in the back of your neck—and hold it for 10 seconds. Then repeat on the other side by lifting up that temple even higher and holding it longer if necessary. I recommend doing all three of these exercises every day! Guest UserMay 4, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Relax Butt Chin Guest UserMay 8, 2022 Next Do remove wisdom teeth if Guest UserMay 1, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Double Chin | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/5/8/eliminate-double-chin"}
Trial 45min without Mouth Piece Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products Trial 45min without Mouth Piece PreviousCertification Live Next1h with Mouth Piece Trial 45min without Mouth Piece Trial 45min without Mouth Piece $400.00 45 mins session with Dr. Satsuma Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Trial 45min without Mouth Piece", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/trial-45min-without-mouth-piece"}
Mewing Advanced Techniques | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Mewing Advanced Technique Do you know what's cool? Mewing. But if you're already a mewing pro, you might be wondering: "What's next?" That's why we've put together this guide to advanced mewing techniques.If you're just getting started with mewing, check out our one-on-one tutorials first. But if you've watched those videos and are still itching to learn more, here are three advanced mewing techniques that will take your skills to the next level.Lateral movementLateral movement is a new concept for me, and I learned about it from Dr. Shehab's conversation with him.When you swallow, your tongue should be moving in a lateral motion—not straight up and down. When your face is resting, your tongue should also be moving laterally. This movement is called "mewing."If your tongue touches the teeth on one side of your mouth, that's not good. You need to be able to control the shape of your tongue so that it doesn't cover too much of your teeth.I think this exercise will help improve my ability to control the shape of my tongue, which means I can control the muscle itself and make sure it isn't touching too much or covering too much.Tongue shape swallow at the same timeLet's practice with your saliva because it's a little bit easier to accumulate your saliva. Get the saliva in the mouth, close your mouth and then mute, and then when you swallow flat right. That's easier but if you have more water be challenging and do not drink a lot of water because you're gonna fail. You might feel it and I did too. It's hard for me to so get a little bit of water not too much as little as I'm gonna do later because I need to speak as little like a little bit more than saliva but it's not much and then make sure you're holding this saliva like this and then shake your hands no hands shake your head be careful if you have neck pain but…and then swallow can you do that okay let me try to get the little water tiny baby water? I swallowed with my mouth open but my mouth had a little bit slight come in so that means I have some room for improvement.Symmetrical MewingIt's hard to tell which side of your tongue is more dominant, but it's important to find out.For example, if you have a lot of pressure on one side of your mouth, it might be tilted to that side.This is my left side, and this half of my left tongue is my dominant tongue. Try to find out which half of your tongue is more dominant by putting it in the middle and feeling which side has more pressure or weight on it when you're sitting or standing. When we stand, many people tend to put more weight on their dominant foot (or sit bone), whereas when we're sitting we tend to do the same with our dominant hand (or mouth). So we don't want to sit with our heavy skull on the dominant side—we need to find out which one!To do so, relax your face for a moment and then try and swallow using only one side of your mouth. If you feel more pressure or weight on one side than another when you swallow, then that's your dominant side.Let’s sum up, we did three exercises for mewing advanced. The first one was lateral movement, which is when you're sitting, your tongue should be in between your teeth to control the shape of the tongue muscle. We did this by doing a Kang swing, smiling, and keep showing our teeth but not too much lower teeth. Then don't move your chin too much and keep your tongue fully up and down up so that was my favorite one.Another exercise if you want to do more is my spot exercise as well and number two we did the shape of you the shape of tongue shape over here shape of the tongue and shake it off with both of them swallowing at the same time so that's a challenge it was interesting and number three was symmetrical time. Guest UserMarch 1, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Bad habits to cause jowls Guest UserMarch 5, 2022 Next Create Fuller Lips Guest UserFebruary 26, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Mewing Advanced Techniques | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/2/mewing-advanced-technique"}
Make Fuller Lips by Lip Sumo | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create Fuller Lips Today, let's discuss how to create fuller lips. Three exercises and tips will help us achieve that goal.Lip SumoI have a friend who's a sumo wrestler. His name is Yamasan, and he's really great at what he does. I'm not sure if this is relevant at all, but anyway…Lip sumo is a great way to train the orbicularis oculi muscles in your face. You know—those three donuts? The one on top of your nose and the two on either side of it? Anyways… there are actually two orbicularis oculi in the corners of your mouth. And the one we want to train is the upper lip one. If you press that tight enough, it will activate more muscle fibers than any other exercise out there!But remember: when you press your lips together, your teeth should never touch each other! This will cause tension in your face which isn't good for you. So make sure you keep space between them as well as between your upper teeth and lower teeth all the time. You can check out our TCH video for more information about how this works and what exactly "teeth contact habit" means if you're unsure; it's really important!MewingIf you're not mewing, you could be losing your lips.You might be wondering what mewing is. It's a little bit of a tongue exercise that helps keep your lips full and healthy.And the best part? You can do it anywhere! So don't wait to start giving your mouth a workout—and make sure you don't lose the lip definition you've worked so hard to achieve.Here's how it works: when your tongue is in this position (as shown in the video), the maxilla—that's your upper jawbone—is lifted and pushed forward, which gives your lips more definition.DrinkingIf you're anything like me, you can't seem to get enough water. And why should you have to? The benefits of proper hydration are countless.But did you know that there's a way to make drinking water even more enjoyable?I recently did a how-to drink video so check it out. Drinking is so important. I'm not going to talk about all the detailed tongue movements in this video, but every time you drink, you want to use this muscle, not this one. This is the muscle that connects your lips and forehead—it's called the orbicularis oris (OW-rib-you-lar-is). When you use this muscle, it makes your lips fuller and rounder, which makes them look more youthful and beautiful.The more you use this muscle, the weaker it gets relative to your lip muscles, which means that eventually, your lips will get smaller and thinner as they become connected by fewer muscles. This is what happens when we age: our cheeks get hollowed out and our lips become less full because we don't use that orbicularis oris muscle anymore!So here's my advice: drink water every day with an upper duck lip instead of a big duck lip. We've been practicing the three exercises from our first video, and I just wanted to give you a quick summary of what we've learned.The first one is lip-sumo, in which we focused on this upper muscle, not this one, and made sure the tongue was up against the space between our upper teeth and lower teeth. We shook it off for 10 seconds, but not off—shaking it will really work in my opinion. The next one is mewing because that maxilla is going to come out to support a fuller upper lip. And number three is drinking less and more at the same time. That's right! When you're drinking, do it through your nose instead of stopping halfway through the mug. We are all participating in the Face Olympics right now (yay!) and thank you so much for watching us and trying these exercises out with us! Let's keep doing them together and make face yoga as interesting as possible! Guest UserFebruary 26, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Mewing Advanced Technique Guest UserMarch 1, 2022 Next How to drink Guest UserFebruary 16, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make Fuller Lips by Lip Sumo | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/2/create-fuller-lips"}
5 Bad habits to cause TMJ with Koko face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Bad habits to cause TMJ Today we're going to talk about TMJ.That's an acronym for Temporomandibular Joint Disorder, and it's a major problem for so many people.It's often very severely painful, and I'd like to talk about some bad habits that you might be doing because there are so many exercises that you can do to relax your jaw as well as massage or some kind of exercise thing—but if you don't stop the bad habits, then that's not gonna be good because it's gonna come back. You can relieve the pain by doing something, but it will come back after a couple of hours or something like that. So it's super super super important not to make those bad habits that I'm going to introduce today.Not Noticing your Causing Tension I learned from my chiropractor in Japan that if you have a line here or a wavy shape between the on the side of your tank, you're clenching. However, I'm sure I'm not crunching. Still, I have tension. So it's possible that even if you have good tongue posture and good teeth posture, you can still have tension in muscles which is really annoying. Still, it is that it's possible—so in my case, I'm good posture teeth posture is good too. However, I can still cause tension in the muscle.I want to suggest that if you look at yourself in the mirror (or someone else looks at you), check out this space between your teeth and then try to make sure there's no tension as well as when your head is on your butt (like this) with good posture—you should be able to relax without having to exercise! In my personal opinion, the way to relax the muscle is just to take a deep breath, inhale then exhale; when you exhale, don't open your mouth but instead release any tension so that it doesn't build up again!AsymmetryAsymmetry is one of the big reasons you might have TMJ pain, and it can be a pain to treat. If you have TMJ pain, it's very likely that you have asymmetry—which means not just a visual asymmetry, but either side is more painful when you drop your jaw and touch your fingers in front of the mirror in front of yours. If this is the case, then one joint will pop up more than the other actually. It might even feel like it's popping out more on that side. This means that either side will be more painful than the other over time—so it's not good to have asymmetry!Ignoring teeth alignmentIf you're ignoring tooth alignment, it's time to pay attention.You may have ignored the fact that your teeth are crooked for a long time, but that doesn't mean it's not causing damage. In fact, if you have crooked teeth and an uneven jaw, it could be causing damage to the entire facial structure—and even worse, it could be causing pain in your TMJ! Your upper and lower front teeth are connected to the bone structure of your face. If those teeth are crooked, then your bone structure will also be crooked—and that can cause serious pain in your TMJ.The best way to avoid this problem is to choose a dentist who recognizes the importance of proper alignment and who will help you get back on track with orthodontic treatment.Body PostureWe're going to try good body posture again. This time, set your head on your butt, open your chest and shoulder down tight is up space between the teeth. Make sure there's no tension here, and then on purpose, you're gonna look down even more. Do you feel pain or tension? I do. Let me know if you feel tension or not because I love to know what you think.The difference to me is a big one. I feel the tension even if I try not to do it. I feel like I have attended, so that means this experiment tells me that that posture really forces you to cause a lot of tension here not just in the hair but here too because it's connected—that totally makes sense now!I always say body and face are connected without knowing like like without really feeling the difference but not now!StressIt's easy to get caught up in the day-to-day bustle of your life and not notice how your face contorts, but the truth is, it happens. So many times a day that it becomes second nature, and you don't even realize it.The good news is that there are things you can do now to help combat this unconscious facial tension: when you're awake, try to be mindful of your facial muscle tension, and check a mirror when you have time so that you can catch your unconscious facial expression habits. Deep inhale and exhale to relax these muscles as well. You might not be able to check the size of the lines on your face at first, but you can easily check here right (pointing). After doing this for a while, you'll probably find some habits like every time I go to this class (and point), I have more attention here (point). After this class (and point), I have more lines here (point). This means that history class is very stressful for me! But now I know—so I can try to relax!You can release tension in your jaw and neck by practicing good posture: your head should be on your back, your chest open, shoulders down, and your head sitting bone 50/50 symmetrical to the space between your teeth. Then close your mouth and place your tongue on papa's tongue up to the space between your teeth, and then close. Release tension and repeat.A good body posture is one way to release tension in the jaw and neck. Another way is to stop fixing your teeth. Fixing your back teeth can create more asymmetry and cause more pain, so be careful!You can also try to reduce stress by doing meditation or something else that works for you. It's worth trying because it's really effective! Guest UserMarch 8, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Bad habits to strengthen DAO Guest UserMarch 18, 2022 Next 5 Bad habits to cause jowls Guest UserMarch 5, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Bad habits to cause TMJ with Koko face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/8/5-bad-habits-to-cause-tmj"}
5 Bad habits to cause jowls | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Bad habits to cause jowls Today, I'd like to talk about five bad habits that can cause more ciao or marionette lines and if you're afraid of them or if you already have them, you'll want to improve them. So let's get started.The mouth is open all the timeIf you're like most people, you spend a lot of time with your mouth open. Maybe you're talking, maybe you're eating, or maybe you're just breathing. Either way, if your mouth is open all the time, it's going to cause some major stress on your skin where your mouth is open.That skin is being stretched all the time—way more than it's used to being stretched. And when it's overstretched for too long, it loses its elasticity and becomes saggy.But there's an easy fix: all you have to do is close your mouth! When the skin is stressed by being stretched open all the time, it needs to be relaxed and toned up so that it can regain its elasticity. But this can only happen if you stop stretching it open constantly!Resting bitch faceOne of my favorite exercises to relax is this neck stretch. I like this one because it's kind of a big stretch and it helps with my posture. If your neck is tight, it can also be uncomfortable, so I recommend doing this only if you don't have neck pain.To do the SCM stretch, you want to look up instead of down. If you're getting a good stretch in your upper trapezius muscle, it'll feel like a big stretch in the inner parts of your shoulder blades. You should also point your tongue out and swallow 10 times during the exercise (this is called "Yoga Mudra").This particular exercise can help improve asymmetry by working on both sides of your body equally (for example, if one side always moves more than the other). It can also help strengthen your upper trapezius muscle as well as correct poor posture! Smoking or using straws & water bottlesIf you're drinking a smoothie or something, it's okay to use the straw to help you sip, but don't overdo it. The lower muscle is where you want to put most of your focus, but it's also important not to strain the upper muscles, which can cause wrinkles and lines. Alternate between using the lower muscle and the upper muscles for about one minute at a time.WhistleIf you're like me, you probably don't do a lot of whistling. But it's okay! It's good to do it—it's just a positive thing that helps reduce tension.However, you don't want to overdo it with this muscle. You only want to use it for a short period of time and then move on to something else.A great way to practice is by drinking through a straw and smoking (if you smoke). After that, try drinking water from a bottle or sipping from a cup—all while using this muscle.You'll be surprised at how much easier it is when you're done!Side SleepingIf you're side-sleeping, there are some things you can do to make sure that you're not doing it in a way that could cause wrinkles. First of all, make sure you're not putting too much pressure on your face. This is especially important if you're pregnant or have other health issues that may increase the risk of wrinkles from sleeping on your side.Second, try moving the pillow around a little bit so it's not just under one cheek—it should be under both cheeks. You can also try shifting it higher or lower so that both sides of your face are resting on it equally.Third, make sure that you don't sag into the pillow as well. If you do this, it will cause more wrinkles because it will cause your face to stretch and contort into an unnatural position while sleeping on your side.In summary, the first thing that's very often overlooked and underrated is your resting face.It's not just about taping it shut, even when you're sleeping. It's about lifting up your mouth slightly so that it's not closed all the time. Your resting face is not good. Always try to lift up a little bit or else you'll end up with this droopy look on your face when you're sleeping.I did a video about resting faces and how to improve them, so you can check that out too. But the main point is that when your face is resting, it should be flat or slightly raised. Don't do things like drinking from a straw or smoking out of a water bottle, because that will cause more tension in your jaw muscles and around here (pointing to cheeks). Relaxing these muscles will make us look younger by keeping our skin supple as we age.And finally, another bad habit that people don't talk about much is sleeping on one side instead of both sides of the pillow every night. Because if you do this every day for years on end, it can cause sagging under your chin where we don't want it! Guest UserMarch 5, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Bad habits to cause TMJ Guest UserMarch 8, 2022 Next Mewing Advanced Technique Guest UserMarch 1, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Bad habits to cause jowls | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/5/5-bad-habits-to-cause-jowls"}
How To Relax Chin Tension With Koko Face Yoga. Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to relax chin tension Today, I want to talk about chin tension. You guys know what a chin is, right? It's the area between your mouth and your neck. Now, you might think that having a strong chin is a good thing. After all, it's the sign of strength and power in many cultures—but there's more to it than that. Chin tension can cause your face to sag over time and make you look older than you are. But there are some exercises that will help reduce the tension in this area so that you can look younger longer! So let's get started! Chin Tension Separation ExerciseThis is one of my favorite exercises because before I knew it, people were telling me, "Koko, you have to reduce chin tension!" But I didn't know how. It took me a while to figure out this one, but then I learned it from a Japanese master.First, put two fingers on your face just below the jawline. Then lift your chin up like a chipmunk until your neck is tight and you feel the meat of your cheeks move up into your face. At this point, you should be looking down at your belly button or lower—not straight ahead with crossed legs. Once you get the chipmunk look down pat, lift even higher and slowly lower back down again. Repeat several times to loosen up those stubborn muscles! Neck ExerciseIf you're like me, you love your neck. It's a part of your body that feels good, it feels strong, and it's the best place to wear a scarf when it's cold out. But if you've ever been to a chiropractor or had a massage therapist work on your neck, they might have told you that there are some things that can go wrong with your neck muscles—and they're right!The platysma muscle is the one that runs from the bottom of your earlobe all the way down to just under your collarbone. It's important because it helps us swallow and talk without sounding like we're gargling marbles (or like we have marbles in our throat). But if this muscle gets too tight, it can pull down on your chin and cause tension in your jaw line.So what do we do about it? Let me show you how I work on my own neck every day!Face PostureWhen your face is resting, you might not be aware of how much tension you're holding in your neck and jaw. That's why it's so important to do this exercise. It will help you identify the tension that you're feeling, so that when you feel it again, you'll know how to release it.You may be wondering "But what if I'm not feeling any tension?" that's okay too! Just keep practicing this exercise and as your muscles get stronger and more flexible, there will come a day when you'll feel the tension and be able to release it.Today we covered three exercises to reduce tension in your face.First, we did the chin tension reduction separation exercise. Put your fingers below the nasolabial, lift up, then look down and see how much cheek you can see. Lift up and come back down. Do this for 10 seconds to start with but you can do longer if you want!Next we looked at platysma: put your finger here and then look up and then down. Close your eyes for 10 seconds or even touch your nose if that's not painful for you—I mean, it's impossible to touch your nose but just even more stretchy.Finally, we covered face portioning: when your face is resting if you feel like you have tension even if you don't feel like you have tension lines yet, mirroring may not be enough because there could be more tension than what shows on the outside—the corners of my mouth are tiny up that's the way to reduce tension and don't do like that's gonna cause more attention that's a bad habit." Guest UserMarch 24, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Frown Lines Guest UserMarch 30, 2022 Next 5 Bad habits to strengthen DAO Guest UserMarch 18, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Relax Chin Tension With Koko Face Yoga.", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/24/how-to-relax-chin-tension"}
5 Bad Habits to Strengthen DAO | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Bad habits to strengthen DAO Today I'm going to talk about some bad habits that can cause your depressor anguli oris muscle (DAO) to sag and make your smile look less inviting. This exercise works one muscle at a time, first waking up the sleeping blue muscles and then relaxing them by overworking their red counterparts. Let's talk about some common bad habits that can cause your pelvic floor muscles to tense up.Chewing DownSo when you're eating, check how you eat. It's highly, highly recommended to film yourself when you're eating so that you can find out which is more dominant.If you don't know what this means, please check out our how-to-eat video. It's a good place to start. We'll also link it in the description below. This is because that's the most important thing for a symmetrical face, but today we're talking about DAO, right? So DAO might be doing like this when you chew—it looks beautiful! You might be doing it like this… not that bad, but if you keep chewing like this for too long and too often, it becomes a habit and eventually becomes what's called "50/50." That's where your chewing muscles are used horizontally instead of vertically and if you keep doing it over time, this will cause stronger DAO (which is not good) and then DAO will cause more jowls and saggy faces (also not good).E SoundWe're gonna do one exercise to stretch this DAO muscle because this is the one that's actually not the DAO muscle, but it's kind of connected to the neck muscle. So we're gonna try to relax this neck muscle and relax.So we're going to say I'm going to say E E E three times. And then I'm going to say O O U three times. And then I'm going to say A A U three times. And then finally, I'm going to say A A E three times. To start this exercise, we need to relax our whole body and voice, and then say “eee” as long as possible. Don't worry about how it sounds at first—just focus on relaxing your body and voice!Negative Face ExpressionDAO number three is a bad habit that can make you look like you're being negative when you're not—and that's not good. So I want to help you strengthen this one, because it's so important that people know what you're thinking when they see your face.We all do this thing where we show our emotions on our faces, but when we want to show someone something negative, we do this weird thing with our eyebrows instead of just using our body language. Right? So very often when we see someone who wants us to be negative, they'll do that and I used to do it too. But now I stopped because there are other ways to show your negative face without doing it.Resting Bitch FaceYou know that when you're open-mouthed, breathing in and out, the corners of your mouth are going to be stretched. And that's not just an unhealthy thing—it's also bad for beauty! If you're doing this all the time, your skin is going to start sagging down toward your chin. That's because when your mouth is open, it's stretching that corner-of-the-mouth muscle (DAO). And if it's open all the time and never being used, that muscle gets weaker and weaker. You can see this in action if you watch someone who does a lot of talking with their mouth open: They often have lower jawlines than people who don't do that often.So how do we fix this? We have to use our DAO muscles up! And we do that by keeping our mouths closed when we're not talking or chewing food or anything else requiring speech (or even humming). This way, when our mouths are closed, they're being used as much as possible—which means they get stronger and more defined over time.Resting Bitch FaceThe last one number five, I mean, it's the same thing, but you don't wanna do Donald Trump is famous for doing face. Right? I think I think so when your face is resting. We did a face posture video check it out again if you're interested. If you're like me, you probably don't have a lot of time to spare. That's why I love my resting face—it means I can be ready to go in the blink of an eye! But just because it's quick and easy doesn't mean it's not important. In fact, having a good resting face is super important. Here's why:-Your resting face is how people see you when they first meet you, so it's important to make sure it looks good.-Having a good resting face means that when you're not smiling or talking, your mouth is still open just enough for people to see your teeth and know that you're friendly and approachable.-The way our faces are angled influences how we feel about ourselves. Having an open face makes us feel more confident, while having a tense jaw makes us feel stressed out or angry (even if we aren't).Let's summarize all the five bad habits to strengthen, strengthen the DAO depressor muscle. First, check your mirror or videotape to make sure you're chewing correctly. It's very easy to do this on a cell phone these days—you just have to check yourself! You might not think about it, but bad habits like grinding teeth can be hard to spot if you don't look for them. Because it happens at a very, very early age. But you probably prefer horizontal anyway—I'm not big on it because its future is uncertain. So stick with the habit of chewing up and down, instead.Secondly, when you say the word eat (and other words ending in E) don't use an E sound.The third thing is to use a negative expression. When you show your face with a negative expression, people will feel uncomfortable and try to make you smile or change the subject. I tend to do bad posture on purpose in pictures because it makes the photo look silly. So yeah, I guess that's okay.And the last two resting faces—resting bitch face and you want to pout your lips in a way that strengthens your upper lip muscle. To do this, relax the depressor anguli oris muscle. Guest UserMarch 18, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to relax chin tension Guest UserMarch 24, 2022 Next 5 Bad habits to cause TMJ Guest UserMarch 8, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Bad Habits to Strengthen DAO | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/18/5-bad-habits-to-strengthen-dao"}
Products | Face Wash | Eye Cream | Face Serum Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Category All skin sold out “Less Is More” Japanese Anti-Aging Secrets $9.95 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Products | Face Wash | Eye Cream | Face Serum", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product?category=skin"}
4 Chewing muscles to relax and how to | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 4 Chewing muscles to relax Today I'm going to talk about how to relax your chewing muscles. When these muscles are so tight, you're going to get more headaches, more grinding and a grinding condition (AKA a square face). If we want to prevent those symptoms from happening again in the future, we need to learn how to relax these muscles.So let me introduce you to the four fortunate muscles and how you can relax them in order to prevent those headaches and other problems like a square face or a saggy face or even TMJ pain. If you have that clicking sound in your jaw, be sure to do the exercises with me together today, because these techniques are not really about face posture; they're more like a buckle massage technique. Let's do it!Masseter MuscleThe muscles of our face are like a muscle group: they're all connected to each other, and they all have to work together. When one is overused, it can cause problems for others. That's why we want to keep them healthy by massaging them every day.To do so, wash your hands first, then put your finger on the muscle that you want to massage. Then relax your mouth and close it gently—just enough so the muscle doesn't get stretched out or overworked. Then just gently massage that area until you feel good! This is something that's important to do every day, so be sure not to forget about it!Temporalis MuscleThe temple temporalis muscle is one of the muscles that can cause tension headaches. It's important to know how to relax this muscle because if it gets too tense, it can cause headaches.You can do this by using your fingers to massage it gently. You can do circles or zigzags with your fingers or you can use a finger hook and move the skin back and forth in small movements. Whatever you prefer! Just make sure that it's gentle and not painful.If you want to be lazy, you can just put your elbow on the table and then move your head instead of moving your fingers—this way you won't get tired as easily!Lateral Wing RibThe lateral wing is a muscle in the jaw that helps you open your mouth and drop your jaw. It's also used to slide out and in.It's important to find this muscle because it's not always easy to see, and it can be hard to feel without practice.To find the lateral wing, put your fingers above your upper teeth, then slide them forward (away from the teeth) until you feel a stretch in the wisdom teeth area. You'll be able to feel the muscle stretching every time you open your mouth!Medial Pterygoid MuscleThe medial pterygoid muscle is another one of the muscles that we use every single day. It's actually inside of this yellow muscle here, and I put it here to make it easier to see. This little yellow muscle is the medial pterygoid muscle. It's bigger and longer, and its purpose is to close your mouth. So when you're chewing with your mouth closed, you're using this muscle.It's also called the sliding muscle because when we eat, we don't just do this (shows eating motion). We do something like this (showing a slight sliding motion). That's why we use the medial pterygoid muscle when we chew—to help us swallow our food!Now let's figure out where it is! Put your finger inside your mouth and find this ball-like mandible bone on one side of your jawbone. Find this pillar and catch it; then it's inside but outside at first. Now all five of us together will open our mouths a little bit so we feel more movement from our medial pterygoid muscles contracting while we chew! You can feel them contracting slightly when you chew!Let me summarize the four chewing muscles to relax. The first one is the masseter muscle. Next is the temporalis muscle, which is my favorite because you can use it while sitting at a table and only have to move your elbow up and down (or side to side), so you don't have to tire your hand out. The third one is the lateral wing rib—the side one, which follows the aftertaste. And finally, the fourth one is the medial pterygoid muscle, which is really deep inside your mouth.It's important to relax these muscles regularly so that they don't get tight and cause pain in your jaw or face! So here's how you do it: put your elbow on the table and then move your head like this or like this so that you don't have to tire your hand out. If that's too easy or lazy for you, try moving both hands at once by holding them together like this and then stretching them out in front of you as far as possible—but be careful not to strain yourself! Guest UserApril 4, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Facial muscles vs Body muscles| Guest UserApril 8, 2022 Next Eliminate Frown Lines Guest UserMarch 30, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "4 Chewing muscles to relax and how to | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/4/4/4-chewing-muscles-to-relax"}
Eliminate frown lines between eyebrows | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Frown Lines Today I want to talk about how to fix these three exercises. This is blue/red, so you guys should know that dark blue is the same as other blue, and this is our method for sleeping muscle—that's why it's a more dark red than usual. That means in our method, this muscle is super-strong compared to other muscles. It's like always a lot of emotion! Every time I do this as a demo, I have to iron it out because I don't wanna read it.Breakdown Muscle KnotIf you're like me and have a super strong corrugator muscle, you probably have a little bit of a bump above your eyebrow on both sides of your forehead. You can use this knuckle, or if you have the Guasha tool, you can use that too. I don't have it right now, so I'm gonna use this. Still—if you have some kind of not soft but round pointy stuff, you can use that instead!The first thing we're going to do is find the muscle knot around here—like here and here and I suggest starting with the dominant eye because dominant eyes tend to have more muscle tension than non-dominant eyes.Still—it really depends on the person and if you don't know which one is dominant eye… The easier way to find is by using this method: make it a little bit smaller like this and imagine this is your camera and take a picture—which eye are you going to use to take the picture? Right eye probably for most people's right eye is dominant (and also my left), so I'll be using my right eye for now!Malaris MuscleThe first step to waking up the masseter muscle is to place your fingers on the tempo area, which is located next to your eyes. You should not be putting too much pressure on this area, but enough to feel the movement and hold it for ten seconds.Once you have made contact with the muscle, move your fingers up and down in a rhythmic motion for ten repetitions. This will help wake up the movement of this tiny muscle.The next step is to stop moving your fingers and only focus on feeling the movement of this tiny muscle. This can be difficult as it's a micro muscle, so you want to do a micro movement and hold it for ten seconds each time until you feel like you can't move anymore.The last step is to repeat these steps while using your pinky finger instead of your pointer finger. If possible, try doing all three steps at once so that all four fingers are used during training!Stop doing bad facial habitDo not use this muscle; stop making the bad habit. That's like to be the most important thing, of course, this one then this one it helps, but if you keep doing this excess, I mean the emotional expression it can it's not gonna fix and um yeah I have seen a botox simple botox corrugator here. I have seen someone who's super botox, and then she was making this motion, but because this is frozen instead somehow she was using this muscle like this. It was interesting, and every time she used this um muscle because if this is frozen only here, it's moving like this, and it starts stretching the um upper eyelid muscle, so I wasn't sure if it's a good idea if you keep doing this, it's better not to do this use this I better not to do this anyway from the beginning so that you don't have to depend on buttocks. I'm gonna definitely put two mirrors so that I can catch it um yeah and also if you have a chance to show your camera, show your face on zoom conference or something schools how it because the more you see your face, the better you notice you can catch if you take my session I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna um kind of screenshot or tell you that you're doing this thing but um not everyone takes my session, so you have to catch by yourself another thing I keep saying this because I love this tape transport linking bio, not bio below description box um, but I highly recommend it if you can wear this when you're sleeping or even when you are awake. That's even better because you make facial expressions. Maybe like this, you try multiple ways to do it, but it could be like this or crossing like crossing every time some kind of touch um any physical touch on the overarching muscle it's gonna it can relax the muscles that's why I like it it's same as using the fingers but you cannot always finger here and then driving or working or cooking or cannot do that right, so this is a good friend to support to relax like this could be like this or yeah and if you feel like you're done you have more eleventh when you wake up that means you are doing it you have nightmare you are so stressed and you're doing it even when you're sleeping.Let's sum up the three things we discussed to relieve lines because wrinkles are caused by a muscle called the orbicularis; it's red when tense and darkens as we age. We need to relax this muscle, which kills it—i.e., makes us look younger! Flex your knuckle and find the muscle on this side of your forearm with it. This will be easier because you have more space to feel around in. Malaris deactivates the inside muscle you don't have to use but activates the one that is not there. Then the second step is with fingers only but not without finger support. First, do it up and down then look at your fingers to the side for another repetition. The last thing you can do to stop making bad facial expression habits is hard, but once you find out when and how it happens, it's easier to be aware of your body language. Repeating the same stressful experience over and over is a way of figuring out what's causing the stress in order to stop it. Guest UserMarch 30, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 4 Chewing muscles to relax Guest UserApril 4, 2022 Next How to relax chin tension Guest UserMarch 24, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate frown lines between eyebrows | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/3/30/eliminate-frown-lines"}
2.5h with Mouth Piece Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products 2.5h with Mouth Piece Previous1h with Mouth Piece 2.5h with Mouth Piece 2.5h with Mouth Piece $1,500.00 Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "2.5h with Mouth Piece", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/25h-with-mouth-piece"}
Learn More About Koko Face Yoga Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Learn More Japanese LINE追加してね ⬇️ インスタグラム ティックトック フェイスブック ユーチューブ kokofaceyoga.com Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Learn More About Koko Face Yoga Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/learn-more-japanese"}
1h with Mouth Piece Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Products 1h with Mouth Piece PreviousTrial 45min without Mouth Piece Next2.5h with Mouth Piece 1h with Mouth Piece 1h with Mouth Piece $800.00 Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "1h with Mouth Piece", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/product/1h-with-mouth-piece"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Ask your Dentists how to choose good Orthodontists Guest UserFebruary 1, 2022 What is Adenoid Face How to Improve Guest UserJanuary 29, 2022 Prevent Facial Osteoporosis Guest UserJanuary 26, 2022 Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab Guest UserJanuary 23, 2022 3 Areas to relax on face Guest UserJanuary 17, 2022 5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial Lines Guest UserJanuary 13, 2022 Relax jaw sliding muscle to fix asymmetrical chin Guest UserJanuary 10, 2022 Update on Dr. Mew's petition Guest UserJanuary 7, 2022 Fix Asymmetrical Eyes Guest UserJanuary 4, 2022 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face Guest UserDecember 30, 2021 Make cheeks fuller Guest UserDecember 27, 2021 Fix Neck Lines Guest UserDecember 25, 2021 Fix Chronic Headache Guest UserDecember 23, 2021 Fix neck bands and hole Guest UserDecember 14, 2021 Massage gun to improve facial symmetry Guest UserDecember 8, 2021 Make forehead smaller Guest UserDecember 4, 2021 Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? Koko HayashiNovember 29, 2021 Ogee Curve Guest UserNovember 28, 2021 How to smile beautiful Guest UserNovember 16, 2021 Make Fuller Lips Naturally Guest UserNovember 9, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1643983200989"}
Hairstyle Tips for Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Hair Style Tips for Asymmetrical Face Today, I want to talk about hairstyles and how they can help you balance asymmetrical faces.Asymmetrical faces aren't necessarily a bad thing—they just take a little more work than their symmetrical counterparts. It's important to give yourself the right kind of frame before you even start thinking about your skin or muscle structure!Side bangsI'm gonna teach you how to disguise asymmetrical features.The first thing to remember is that everyone is a little asymmetrical. It's normal, and it's fine! But if you want to disguise your asymmetry, here's one way to do it: side bangs.Side bangs are this one (pointing at the left side of the face). This is a bit shorter, and this one is longer. Side bangs are really helpful in disguising asymmetry because they balance out the view of your face. For example, if your hair faces like this longer on one side and looks like this on the other side, it will look even longer because of how much space there is between these two sides when compared to the space between here and here (pointing at the right side of face). That's why you might want to add some kind of side bangs—something like that (pointing at the left side of your face), especially on the longer side of your head.Two Part HairTip number two: if your face is asymmetrical and you're concerned about it, part your hair off-center.If you part it in the middle, like this, and then do this on the other side, it's going to look more symmetrical—that's not what we want. So instead of parting it in the center…You can part it like a zigzag or just off-center like this way or this side, either side is fine. Or you could do a zigzag. Any of those would be nice! Just don't part your hair in the middle.Show one earTip number three: show your one ear, but not this one.It's important to show one ear, but not this one, since you still want to hide it. But the other ear can be shown. This is obviously asymmetrical, right? My ears are slightly different from each other, so it might be hard for you to see it. But this is already very asymmetrical—only one ear is showing here. So that it's like an illusion; people will not notice that your face is symmetrical because you're obviously very asymmetrical by showing only one ear. In summary, I'm still learning a lot about hairstyles because it's totally new field for me. So please suggest to me more about anything I said wrong and please fix me in the chat comment section below! I would really appreciate it!We talked about three things to balance out your asymmetrical face with a hairstyle.One is to wear your hair longer on the side of your face that has more of an evenness, like this side. If you cut it short, that's gonna make the asymmetry even more noticeable in your hair. So longer is better on this side.Another thing is where to part the hair—you don't want it in the middle, because then it will emphasize your asymmetry even more by adding another line across your face! So you want to part it on either side or off-center, like this one here.Thirdly, if you're ok with only showing half of your ear, do so intentionally and make sure it's not covering up any of your cheekbones—that would be too much! Guest UserFebruary 4, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Sunken Eyes Guest UserFebruary 9, 2022 Next Ask your Dentists how to choose good Orthodontists Guest UserFebruary 1, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Hairstyle Tips for Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/2/4/hair-style-tips-for-asymmetrical-face"}
Exercises to Fix Sunken Eyes | Koko face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Sunken Eyes For instance, if you have sunken eyes, it can be really hard to fix them. You can fill up your face with Botox or do plastic surgery, but those won't help with sunken eyes. So today we're going to discuss three tips for preventing sunken eyes. Even if your sunken eyes are only moderate, we can still try to stop the process or reverse it altogether. Let's get started!Stop doing bad facial expression habitHave you ever noticed how when you get wrinkles and saggy skin around your eyes, it's really hard to make them go away? It's because the skin around your eyes is so thin that it's easily stretched out, and if you've been rubbing or massaging your face every day, then there's a good chance that you've been making those wrinkles worse.When you have sunken eyes or sagging skin around your eyes, it's very likely that the skin will start to look wrinkled and saggy as well. And when that happens, it can be really hard to get rid of those wrinkles. But it doesn't have to be! All you have to do is stop doing those bad habits that worsen the sunken eye in the eyelid upper eyelid area.Chewing StimulationFacial osteoporosis is a condition that happens when the bones in our face start to become weaker and more porous. It's pretty much just like body osteoporosis, but it happens faster—sometimes within months or even weeks.There are multiple areas that change with facial osteoporosis—the bridge of your nose, your cheeks, your eye sockets—but one of my favorites is when the eyeballs start to shrink and sink into their orbits (that's where they live). This creates a sunken appearance around your eyes that makes you look older than you really are.This is how I know when someone has facial osteoporosis: because it changes the way they look. It's caused by a loss of density in the bone structure around the face. The bones become less dense as they lose calcium and other nutrients over time. So if you're losing bone mass then you should probably take steps toward preventing additional loss before it gets worse!Lower Eyelid Lift-UpThis is a classic face yoga exercise, but it's so important! The lower eyelid lift can help you tighten your skin and reduce the appearance of wrinkles. (And if you're like me, you might have a little pink eye right now, but don't worry—we're all in this together.)So here's how it works. The eye socket becomes wider with age as fat begins to drop from around it. This muscle becomes weaker, which causes fat to continue dropping from the top down. The fat that remains can cause sunken eyes, so it's super important to do this exercise.The lower eyelid lift involves resting your face on your tongue, then lifting up the lower eyelid using only the muscles in the eye itself—not any other muscles or facial expressions!I hope you enjoy it and I know that you'll find it helpful in your quest to prevent and reverse sunken eyes. Here are the highlights:1) Don't do this: don't always wear makeup on your eye area. If you do, it could stretch out the skin around your eyes, making them look even worse.2) Chew up: Chew stimulates jaw movement, which helps keep your face looking plump and healthy. But make sure you chew in an upward direction—downward chewing can be bad for your jaw joint health.3) Lift up: when you're applying makeup around your eyes or lips, try to lift the lower eyelid up to get the most effective coverage possible without stretching out the skin under it. Guest UserFebruary 9, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to drink Guest UserFebruary 16, 2022 Next Hair Style Tips for Asymmetrical Face Guest UserFebruary 4, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercises to Fix Sunken Eyes | Koko face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/2/7/how-to-fix-sunken-eyes"}
How to drink face posture | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to drink I would like to talk about how I learned from many experts, including Dr. Shehab, the most up-to-date version of what I am learning. If you haven't watched the video, I highly recommend that you do. It's long, but it has some very important information in it. Anyway—I'm going to teach you how to drink like a pro with this three-step guide!Bring the water closerWhen you go to the water in a way that involves sticking out your chin and/or body, you're doing something wrong. Ideally, you want to keep your chin tucked, your body relaxed, and your spine straight. It's not going to happen if you're crossing your legs while sitting on the edge of a pool or something like that, but if it's necessary, try to alternate legs so they don't get too tired.Ideally, when you go to the water, you don't stick out your chin or body—you just get relaxed and let it flow over you.Chin Relax, Use Upper Lip MoreIt's very important to relax the chin, but it's also important to use the upper lip more. We don't want to use this muscle, which means we're using sleeping muscles that are sleeping. So we want to use the upper lip like this—it's very little movement because if you try to do duck lips more on here, you have to use this muscle. We have to kind of separate them, which is hard. That's why it can be hard, but get your water into your cupid’s bow line by relaxing your chin and only moving your upper lip like this. The tongue is up. So this picks out all of your practice and we have to do upper lip training so that you can create the cupids bow line because that's what we need. One of the five mountain valleys? If you don't know what those are, be sure to check our videos Like this or whatever works best for you—I don't know!Soft SwallowIf you're wondering how to drink water correctly, it's actually pretty simple.First, you need to open your mouth.Once your mouth is open, you should tip your tongue back behind your upper teeth and let it rest there.Then, you need to slowly swallow the water while maintaining this position.Remember, in order to improve your water drinking skills, you should remember three things: The first step is to relax your body and take a deep breath. Then, you need to keep your chin down and relaxed. This will help you bring the water to your lips, instead of having to reach for it.When you open your mouth, keep the upper lip relaxed and tucked in slightly. The lower lip should be slightly puckered in a duck shape.When you're ready for the water, place it on top of your tongue—don't put it too far back though! You want to keep that tip touching the roof of your mouth so you can feel what's happening as you swallow.Once you have the water where you want it, hold still and swallow three times slowly. You'll hear a slight movement inside as the water slides back and forth between your cheeks and lips. After this sequence is complete, gently shake off any excess liquid so that none spills out on either side of your mouth—that would be embarrassing! Guest UserFebruary 16, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create Fuller Lips Guest UserFebruary 26, 2022 Next Fix Sunken Eyes Guest UserFebruary 9, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to drink face posture | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/2/16/how-to-drink"}
Skin muscle! Facial muscles vs Body muscles | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Facial muscles vs Body muscles| Today, I'd like to talk about the difference between facial muscles and body muscles.Do you know what's the difference between them? The purpose of body muscle is to move your body. It could be walking or sitting or doing other things. On the other hand, facial muscles are connected to that skin, not to the bone. Some muscles are connected to bones, but in general, most of the facial muscles are connected to the skin itself instead of bone to create facial expressions. So you see that's the purpose of facial muscles and body muscles, a different body muscles’ purpose is to move the body.Facial muscles are like the muscles in your body, except they're on your face. Your facial muscles can help you make expressions like laughing, yawning, frowning, and more. When your facial muscles go into action, it's called an "expression," which is why we say that facial muscles are also called "expression muscles."So how do we use our facial muscles? Well, let's say you want to smile at someone. You may think about smiling for a few seconds and then actually doing it—but that can be hard! So instead of trying to force yourself to smile, try moving your facial muscles in a way that helps you feel more comfortable smiling. This can be done through things like facial exercises or meditation practice.I read that this was a behind-the-scenes story, but it's online too. I heard that they were told to do 20 minutes of exercise every day or almost every day. That is too much for them to do. That's why they weren't able to get a good picture. That's it. Because they had so many participants and so many people dropped out because they couldn't continue doing 20 minutes of exercise on a regular basis. That was too much for them to handle, so that's why this is the only before-after photo we have and then the article even said if it wasn't easier, there could have been more dropouts or fewer dropouts!The important thing here is not only mastering new habits but also replacing your old ones with new ones that will make your face look better over time—and not just today or tomorrow: every day for the rest of your life! Guest UserApril 8, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Guest Article: How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles (100% Naturally!) Koko HayashiApril 14, 2022 Next 4 Chewing muscles to relax Guest UserApril 4, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Skin muscle! Facial muscles vs Body muscles | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/4/8/facial-muscles-vs-body-muscles"}
How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Guest Article: How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles (100% Naturally!) Men and women are obsessing over their appearance more than ever. It’s been an ongoing mega-trend for decades. But it’s been accelerated in recent years by Zoom. It doesn’t make it easy to “be satisfied with how you look” when you spend most of the day looking at your flaws.Cosmetic surgery isn’t rare anymore, and even make-up is getting popular amongst men. As a man or a woman wanting to improve their appearance, there’s a lot you can do before you have to resort to such measures. For men, your jawline is particularly easy to improve. So why aren’t more people talking about the jawline?There are more articles, videos, and information about belly buttons than there are about jawlines! How many people even see your belly button compared to your face? One for every hundred? One for every thousand?A chiseled jawline is one of the most attractive traits a man can have. It’s also important for women, but not as much. Why aren’t more people talking about it? Why aren’t there more tutorials and information about how to improve your jawline?I think I know why. It’s because people don’t think there’s anything you can do about it:“Sure, you can lose weight- but that’s about it. You can’t change your genetics.”I get so annoyed when I hear that. Mewing and Orthotropics have shown how much your lifestyle choices affect your facial bone structure and appearance. Having a strong jawline is mainly due to having developed masseter muscles. It’s a muscle, why couldn’t it be grown just like any other? Apparently, it’s just because there isn’t a lot of information on how.Do Those Rubber “Jawline Exercisers” Work?You’ve probably seen the rise of jawline exercisers over the years. You may have even tried them. In any case, these rubber squash ball-type things are popping up all over everybody’s Instagram feeds. It seems there is a demand for effective ways to get a better jawline. And some companies are taking advantage of it by supplying products. Even if they don’t work…They don’t work in my own personal experience. There are before and after photos floating around the internet that show mixed results. It’s hard to know how legitimate they are because the differences could be due to weight loss (more on that later) or from using an actual effective jawline exercise (also more on that later). I don’t doubt that they give your face a workout… just whether it’s the type of workout that you actually want.The problem is: it’s not a natural movement. Our jaw structures weren’t designed to bite down with our incisor teeth repeatedly with our mouth wide open- that’s essentially the range of motion these things simulate. It places a lot of stress on the jaw hinge and will ultimately lead to TMJ pain. Not only that- it doesn’t even train the right muscle!Chewing with your mouth wide open like that puts more stress on the temporalis muscle, than it does the masseter. The temporalis is higher up on the side of your head, and not particularly “aesthetically pleasing”. You don’t exactly want to build it, because it contributes to a “round face” look.You want to solely emphasize the masseter. It’s stimulated when your teeth are closer together and you’re chewing and grinding something like tough meat. That’s the motion you want to repeatedly simulate to stress the masseter into growing.The SAFE Jawline Workout That Actually WorksBelieve it or not, chewing gum is a great way to improve your jawline. It’s a natural movement (just like chewing food) and you don’t have to dedicate part of your day to doing it. You can chew gum while you’re working, driving, or training. Apart from actually being effective, it’s a far more convenient way to workout your jaw muscles than any rubber tool.But obviously chewing gum doesn’t provide much of a workout. You could chew for hours and hardly stress your muscles. It’s like trying to build muscle by running a marathon. You’ve got to add weight and increase the resistance. You’ve got to chew a harder type of gum. Natural tree resins and saps are the best you’ll find. Mastic chewing gum for example, is 10x harder than regular gum. It’s sugar and calorie free. And it’s 100% natural. It’s literally a sap picked from a tree on the Greek island Chios. It’s had wars fought over it and it was even once more valuable gold- but that’s another story.10x harder means 10x more resistance for your masseter. It turns the chewing movement from cardio to a powerlift. I’ve seen first hand how effective it can be. And I’ve yet to hear of anyone complain about TMJ or a clicking jaw. It seems to be safe and there hasn’t been a backlash against it from the Orthodontics community like there was with the other jawline exercisers.If you want to workout your “sexiest” muscle, then chewing mastic gum is a good bet. It’s one I’m taking, and I’ve seen newbie gains even though I’ve been lifting weights for 10 years. That seems to be common because it’s a muscle most people haven’t trained before.Get Lean & Stay LeanJust because you’ve built the muscle, doesn’t mean you can see the muscle. You know how much more defined and chiseled your face is when you’re lean. Chewing mastic gum (or whatever hard gum you like) will build mass in your masseter. The next step is to get lean so that all your hard work is visible. It’s worthless having a strong, muscular jawline if it’s covered in fat and invisible. How you do that is up to you. I don’t have any new innovative tips or concoctions to help. What works for me might not work for you.All I know is: every time I get lean I get compliments on how defined my face is. Even if you’re not too concerned with improving your jawline- don’t forget that losing weight is the best thing you can do to improve your entire appearance. Period.ConclusionBuilding and sculpting the jawline is still in the experimental phase. It’s not like building other muscles where the path is clear. I think many of the current jaw exercisers will be revealed to be dangerous for the jaw joint in the long run. Perhaps chewing hard gum will be too. But if you want to build your jaw muscles, I’m betting that it’s at least a lot safer than anything else. It’s already proven to be more effective.BIOMatt Phelps is an Australian YouTuber and Blogger living in Sweden. He’s done 100’s of experiments on himself in the facial aesthetics space over the last 12 years. He shares his learnings online and promotes the idea that your appearance is determined far more by your lifestyle than your genetics. Read more about Matt’s research over at https://steeljawlinegum.com Koko HayashiApril 14, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter 0 Likes Previous How to whiten eyes Guest UserApril 18, 2022 Next Facial muscles vs Body muscles| Guest UserApril 8, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/4/14/guest-article-how-to-grow-your-jaw-muscles-100-naturally"}
3 Ways To Whiten Your Eyes | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to whiten eyes Today. I'd like to talk about how to brighten and brightens your eyes. Let me introduce three tips today. Let's do it Eye Mask GelI've struggled with my red eyes and dry eyes for over 20 years. It's been a game-changer for me because I used to wake up to dry, irritated eyes every morning. I'm 43—more than 10 years longer than that! And I feared my eyes were overworked during the daytime because I was always looking at the screen in blue light. That's part of my life—working and watching things. It's not just me—it's everyone who works or watches videos on their phones or computers. And it's not just one day of recovery—the eyes are so overworked even when we're sleeping!It's not enough. That kind of thing happening all the time is not good for your vision or your overall health. And one thing I noticed is that my eyes are slightly open when I'm sleeping—and it's scary! But it could be something else: maybe you're having trouble fully closing your eyelids? This can worsen dry eyes, which can cause problems with vision and make you feel tired all the time.Stop doing the bad habit.Stop rubbing your eyes. If you have redness, that means the inflammation is going on. And if you rub more, that's even worse. It just worsens the inflammation and makes the redness become even redder. So don't rub your eyes—it's not good for them!Use eye drops sparingly. If you don't have dry eyes or allergies, then try not to use any eye drops at all (unless your doctor tells you otherwise). Using too much can make your eyes more sensitive and uncomfortable over time.Take care of yourself. What we put into our bodies matters a lot when it comes to how healthy our skin is—so eat well, drink lots of water, get enough sleep (and don't forget about exercise!). All these things will help keep your skin looking its best—including your eyes!Use more sunglasses.If you're like me, you've been spending a lot of time outside in the sun lately. And if you're like me, you've heard that the sun is bad for your skin—but what about your eyes?Well, it turns out that the sun can cause damage and create problems for your eyes as well. In fact, they say that UV rays can actually damage the retina in your eye. This can lead to cataracts or macular degeneration later on in life.So what's a girl to do? Wear sunglasses! But not just any shades—you need special ones that protect against UVA and UVB rays (and not just UV-A). You should also be sure to wear them when you're outside even on cloudy days because those rays are still strong enough to hurt your eyes.I think this is a really interesting study! I used to think that LASIK was the only option for improving eyesight, but now there's red therapy, which you can do at home. Just three minutes per day, in the morning. And it fixes your color correction function in the eye.I'm not sure if this helps whiten the eyes or not, but I thought it was interesting to study. As I need to brighten my eyes more because they're still white, so if anyone has any ideas or other ideas, let me know! I'd love to try it out and let you guys know what I think. Guest UserApril 18, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate crow's feet Guest UserApril 22, 2022 Next Guest Article: How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles (100% Naturally!) Koko HayashiApril 14, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Ways To Whiten Your Eyes | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/4/18/how-to-whiten-eyes"}
Exercises To Eliminate Crow's Feet | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate crow's feet Today, I'd like to talk about crow's feet in addition to like dryness and loss of collagen, or those things muscle matters for crow's feet as well. So let's move on to three exercises to remove or reduce or stop prevent crow's feet. Let's do it.Lifting up MalarisThis is a great exercise to do in the morning or before you go to bed. It’s called “the crow's feet release,” which is exactly what it sounds like: releasing the muscles in your eyes that make crow’s feet.The first thing you want to do is wink for about 10 seconds. Then, as you're winking and contracting those muscles, lift up the outer side of your eye (not the bottom). You should feel it touch the outside of your eye and then press down on it while still winking. When you release, you should feel a release in the muscle and skin around your eyes!After doing this once or twice a day for a few weeks, we promise you'll start seeing results fast!Smile TrainingNext time you smile, try this: put your fingers on your nostrils and gently press them together. Then slowly smile without wrinkling here on the crow's feet area. Make sure your nostrils stay relaxed. Your tongue should be up at all times—this is how we mew, after all!When you really smile, your eyes could be smiling too much—they're not going to help if they cause wrinkles in this area. Instead, focus on training yourself to use more of this cheek muscle instead of relying on the crow's feet area of the face. That's it! With a little practice, you'll be able to banish those wrinkles for good!Skin IroningIf you want to know how to apply eye cream, check out my other videos.But if you want to add on the cross feet area and then apply a tiny baby stroke in a cross shape, then you're good to go!Don't stretch the skin too much—you'll end up with more wrinkles that way. You can even see a lot of people doing this, stretching and stretching and stretching, but it's not going to help your crow's feet at all. It's going to make them worse!So what I recommend is that you avoid stretching as much as possible—especially in the eye areas, where the skin is already very thin. Once you start stretching, it's almost impossible to reverse those effects.We had a great time today, didn't we? I hope you enjoyed the exercises for crow's feet.First, we did a new one: pumping up malaris and pressing in at the same time. Then we released it and had good blood circulation and a good release. You can also alternate if you like, but I would like you to feel that pump it up, pump it up otherwise, it's not really a good release.Then we did smile training: nostrils are not moving and crow's feet are prevented. Then the shoulder tongue is up and then 10 times, then a good smile. Nostril is not changed. Keep it off the finger but keep the good smile.Finally, eye cream: apply it every day every time you do skincare; same as wrinkles—if they're wrinkles, if they're wrinkled, just iron them! Do it all on a regular basis; it will be very effective if you do it all on a regular basis; if you just do a one time, it won't make any difference at all. Guest UserApril 22, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines Guest UserApril 26, 2022 Next How to whiten eyes Guest UserApril 18, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercises To Eliminate Crow's Feet | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/4/22/eliminate-crows-feet"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create Fuller Lips Maica BalenaMay 2, 2023 The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Maica BalenaApril 6, 2023 Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Maica BalenaMarch 11, 2023 Eliminate Jowl Maica BalenaFebruary 22, 2023 Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Maica BalenaFebruary 3, 2023 Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines Maica BalenaJanuary 22, 2023 Can you swallow without teeth contact Maica BalenaJanuary 12, 2023 Tips to reduce or eliminate vertical neck lines Maica BalenaJanuary 3, 2023 The Most Effective Tips to reduce Jaw or TMJ Pain Maica BalenaDecember 19, 2022 Why you should keep space between upper and lower teeth Maica BalenaNovember 24, 2022 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Maica BalenaOctober 26, 2022 Why Faces Become Longer with Age Maica BalenaOctober 24, 2022 How to eat for better faces Advanced version Maica BalenaOctober 4, 2022 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Maica BalenaSeptember 10, 2022 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Guest UserJuly 13, 2022 Remove jowls Guest UserJune 22, 2022 To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Guest UserJune 14, 2022 5 Tips for better looking smile Guest UserMay 30, 2022 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture Guest UserMay 17, 2022 Asymmetrical walking Guest UserMay 12, 2022 Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1652014800452&reversePaginate=true"}
How To Choose Good Orthodontists | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Ask your Dentists how to choose good Orthodontists Choosing the right orthodontist is an important decision. Orthodontists are trained and educated in straightening teeth and providing the best treatment for each patient. They are better able to understand different methods of treatment, customize plans for each individual, and provide the most up-to-date care. When considering braces, it's important to consult an orthodontist who can offer the latest and most effective treatments. Orthodontists are passionate about helping patients achieve a beautiful and healthy smile. Finding the right orthodontist is essential to ensure the best results, so take the time to research and compare different practices before making your decision.When looking for the best orthodontic treatment, it is important to consider both the visible teeth and the roots. Straightening the teeth without addressing the underlying root issues can lead to further complications down the road. Overbite, misaligned roots, TMJ pain and other issues can arise if the roots are not addressed. Not only that, but over time, facial features and functions can change, which can lead to additional problems if the roots are still crooked. Ultimately, it is essential to find an experienced orthodontist who can provide comprehensive treatment that addresses the entire teeth and root structure. With the right care, you can avoid potential problems and achieve a beautiful, healthy smile.It is important to consult a qualified dentist about this issue, and make sure that the root of the teeth is addressed. Some dentists may only focus on the teeth and not pay attention to the underlying root problem, which can lead to further complications down the road. To ensure the best results, it is essential to find an experienced orthodontist who is knowledgeable in the latest treatments and can provide comprehensive care. If you are unsure, you can take screenshots of the 1, 2, 3 and show them to your doctor to explain the situation more clearly. It is also important to maintain good oral hygiene practices, such as mewing, proper spacing between the upper and lower teeth, and good posture. It is important to consider both short-term and long-term solutions for facial issues. While facial massage can provide temporary results in making the face appear slimmer and reducing wrinkles, dark circles and other age-related issues, it is more beneficial to find the root cause of the issue and take steps to fix it. This may include practicing good face posture, doing facial exercises, and taking care of the underlying root structure of the teeth. Ultimately, addressing the root cause of the problem is the best way to achieve lasting, beautiful results. Guest UserFebruary 1, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Hair Style Tips for Asymmetrical Face Guest UserFebruary 4, 2022 Next What is Adenoid Face How to Improve Guest UserJanuary 29, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Choose Good Orthodontists | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/26/ask-your-dentists-how-to-choose-good-orthodontists"}
What is Adenoid Face How to Improve | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What is Adenoid Face How to Improve Adenoid facies is an atypical appearance of facial features caused by persistent adenoid hypertrophy, which is an enlarged adenoid located near the nose and throat. Usually, the adenoid begins to shrink after age 5 or 6, but if it becomes inflamed or remains enlarged, it can cause obstructive nasal breathing, resulting in a longer face, a lack of definition in the chin area, and protruding teeth alignment. If the condition is severe, it is important to seek medical advice from an ENT specialist. However, for mild symptoms, there are steps that can be taken to improve the condition, such as practicing good oral habits, doing facial exercises, and strengthening the muscles around the mouth and chin. With the right care and treatment, adenoid facies can be addressed and managed.#1 Stop Mouth BreathingNose breathing is an important step to improve adenoid facies. Practicing mewing, or keeping the tongue up and against the roof of the mouth, can help to make nose breathing easier. Additionally, taping the mouth shut at night can be beneficial in forcing the user to breathe only through their nose. Exhaling from the mouth should be avoided, as it leaves the mouth open and can lead to dry lips and skin stretching over time. It is important to keep the mouth shut whenever possible, even when talking and eating. With regular practice and the right care, adenoid facies can be managed and improved.#2 Lip ExerciseIn order to keep the mouth closed, it is important to strengthen the muscles around the mouth. Red muscles are the ones that are overworking, while blue muscles are the sleeping muscles that need to be woken up. Exercises such as Cupid's bow can help to strengthen these muscles and ensure that the mouth stays shut. With regular practice and care, the muscles around the mouth can be strengthened and the mouth can remain closed.#3 Clear NostrilPeople with adenoid hypertrophy may have difficulty breathing through the nose. To help make nose breathing easier, it is important to ensure that the nostrils are clear. Nasal rinsing is a great way to do this, as it helps to clear the nasal passages and reduce inflammation. With regular nasal rinsing and the right care, it is possible to improve nasal breathing and manage adenoid facies.If you are looking to learn more exercises to strengthen the muscles around the mouth and improve adenoid facies, you can check out the Koko Face Yoga app. This app includes a range of exercises that can be done to help improve your facial health. Thank you for watching, and we hope to see you in the next video! Guest UserJanuary 29, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Ask your Dentists how to choose good Orthodontists Guest UserFebruary 1, 2022 Next Prevent Facial Osteoporosis Guest UserJanuary 26, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What is Adenoid Face How to Improve | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/26/what-is-adenoid-face-how-to-improve"}
Prevent Facial Osteoporosis | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Prevent Facial Osteoporosis Osteoporosis is a condition in which the bones become brittle and shrink with age. This process can also occur in the face, resulting in a saggy and shrunken appearance. To help prevent or slow down facial osteoporosis, it is important to do exercises that strengthen the muscles and bones in the face. Facial exercises such as Koko Face Yoga are a great way to strengthen the muscles and bones around the face and help keep the face looking healthy and youthful. With regular practice and the right care, it is possible to slow down the process of facial osteoporosis and maintain a strong and healthy face.#1 MewingMewing is a popular exercise that is used to lift up the jaw, cheeks and skull. This exercise helps to strengthen the muscles in the face and can be done easily at home. With regular practice, mewing can help to lift up the skull and improve the appearance of the face. It is important to remember to do the exercise properly and with the right care to ensure that it is effective. With the right technique and dedication, mewing can help to improve facial structure and give the face a more youthful look.#2 Face Shiatsu TechniqueFace shiatsu is a popular technique used to improve facial structure and reduce wrinkles. To do this exercise, you need to put your lower palm on the cheekbone at a 45-degree angle and make sure your lower teeth are not touching your upper teeth. Then inhale and exhale deeply for five breaths, making sure that your upper jaw is lifted up and not touching your lower jaw. This exercise helps to relax the muscles in the face, which can help to reduce wrinkles and improve the overall appearance of the face. It can also help to slim and contour the face, which is why it is so popular in Japan. With regular practice and the right care, face shiatsu can help to improve facial structure and give the face a more youthful look. #3 Head MassageTemple massage is a technique used to improve facial structure and reduce wrinkles in the temple area. This massage involves using your index and middle finger to hook the skin at the sides of the head, just above the ears, and then gently pulling and lifting the skin upwards. This helps to lift the head and reduce the appearance of wrinkles in the temple area. It can also help to balance the head size and cheekbone area, making the temple area look less visible. With regular practice and the right care, temple massage can help to improve facial structure and give the face a more youthful look.We will soon be launching a group session to discuss facial asymmetry and analysis, as well as tutorials on iPhone . This is a great opportunity to join a live session and get tips and advice on how to improve facial symmetry and achieve the best results. Participants will also have the chance to ask questions and get feedback from other participants. So stay tuned for more details and join us for a live session to learn more about facial symmetry and analysis! Guest UserJanuary 26, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What is Adenoid Face How to Improve Guest UserJanuary 29, 2022 Next Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab Guest UserJanuary 23, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Prevent Facial Osteoporosis | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/26/prevent-facial-osteoporosis"}
Massage Gun to Improve Facial Symmetry | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Massage gun to improve facial symmetry I am currently testing a hypothesis and aim to introduce my thoughts and ideas to you in this YouTube video. I am eager to hear your feedback and thoughts on the subject. Let us explore and research together to see if massage gum can improve the symmetry of our faces, rather than just relaxing or working our facial muscles. So, join me as we delve into this fascinating topic.To begin, let me explain why I believe this technique may work for improving facial symmetry. I recently completed an online course in Japan to become certified in face adjustment techniques taught by a Japanese master chiropractor. During this course, I learned how to adjust the bone structure to enhance facial symmetry, which I call face adjustment. Through this experience, I gained insight into the mandible, which is the only facial muscle that moves. Asymmetrical movements of the mandible during eating, speaking, or other activities can result in facial asymmetry. Therefore, adjusting the mandible is a critical step in achieving symmetrical facial features. I invite you to touch the edges and indent of your own mandible to understand the concept. It's important to note that some degree of asymmetry is normal and natural, but minimizing it is essential for optimal facial symmetry.Facial asymmetry issue that they have been addressing using a chiropractic tool called an activator. They have been using it for the past several months and have seen improvements, but still want to achieve better symmetry. They are introducing a new method using a small massage gun to help put their mandibular ball in the right position. They explain that it is important to be careful when using the massage gun as too much pressure can be dangerous. They demonstrate how they use the massage gun, explaining that it is important to relax the facial muscles and keep the upper and lower teeth from touching during the process. They discuss two positions they target with the massage gun to help achieve better symmetry in their face. Guest UserDecember 8, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix neck bands and hole Guest UserDecember 14, 2021 Next Make forehead smaller Guest UserDecember 4, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Massage Gun to Improve Facial Symmetry | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/6/massage-gun-to-improve-facial-symmetry"}
Fix Neck Bands and Hole - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix neck bands and hole Today's topic is fixing or preventing neck band and hole in the neck caused by overworking muscles such as Platysma and SCM. I will also discuss three bad habits that you should stop immediately as they can lead to neck issues.1. Breathing with shouldersThe most important thing to prevent neck band and hole in the neck is breathing. Many of us tend to breathe using our chest and shoulders instead of air breathing, which can overwork the neck muscles. We breathe around 20,000 times a day, and each time we breathe incorrectly, the neck muscles become overworked, leading to neck problems. I've been consciously air breathing for over 10 years, and it's something you should do even when you're awake, not just when you're sleeping.2. Hard swallowWhen drinking, try to do a soft swallow instead of a hard swallow, as using too much neck and shoulder muscles can cause pain and aging. A smooth 1, 2, 3 motion is better than a robotic 1, 2, 3. Swallowing with the tip of your tongue in front of your teeth and pressing your palate slightly up will help. Using fewer muscles while drinking can prevent the need for expensive Botox treatments later on. Watch our How to Drink video for more tips. Remember, humans swallow around 600 times a day, so it's important to develop good habits.3. SpeakingLet's discuss the most important vowel sound, the E sound. When we see ourselves and others speaking, we tend to use the E sound too often. It's not the best habit to have, especially if we want to sound professional. Even experienced broadcasters sometimes make this mistake. In my video about speaking, I discuss the AEIOU sounds, but for now, let's focus on the E sound. The E sound is often produced by the neck muscles, but it's better to use the nasal cavity instead. To avoid using the neck muscles, try saying E, E, E, E, E, instead of E, E, E, E, E, E, E. The difference in sound may be subtle, but it's worth the effort. Using the neck muscles too much when speaking can cause neckband and other problems, which can make us look older. Therefore, it's essential to watch our neck movements when we speak.In summary, the video covered breathing, swallowing, and speaking exercises, with more available on their website and through their iPhone app. They also announced an upcoming livestream for instructor certification and the availability of their Koco Face Yoga method. Additionally, they mentioned their upcoming travel to Japan and plans for exciting yoga classes in Southern California Guest UserDecember 14, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Chronic Headache Guest UserDecember 23, 2021 Next Massage gun to improve facial symmetry Guest UserDecember 8, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Neck Bands and Hole - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/14/fix-neck-bands-and-hole"}
Exercise to Eliminate Horizontal necklines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Neck Lines Today's topic is the tongue bone and its relation to facial symmetry and mewing. The tongue bone, also known as the hyoid bone, is located inside the skull and supports the tongue muscle. When the tongue bone is crooked, it can affect the tongue muscle and facial symmetry. The purpose of the hyoid bone is to provide attachment for the muscles of the tongue and other structures in the mouth and throat. 1. Adjust the neck postureFor adjusting the tongue bone is to adjust the neck posture because the tongue bone is inside the skull and cannot be touched directly. A good posture with an S-shaped neck is important for maintaining balance and avoiding tension in the muscles. The more the head is tilted forward, the heavier the weight on the neck and shoulders, which can lead to asymmetry and tension. Therefore, it is essential to maintain good posture to prevent these issues.2. Stretch and massageAlthough I'm not a massage expert, I like to stretch for a few seconds when I have free time, such as waiting at a red light or in a restroom. It's a reminder for myself to address my posture issues, which cause tightness and discomfort. Stretching regularly can help alleviate these issues to some extent.3. Adjustment using handsUsing two fingers, hold your neck on the right and left sides to check for asymmetry. Press on each side and see which side feels easier to drop your jaw. If one side feels easier, you want to press the neck bone out slightly on that side. Repeat this process for the lower three areas of the neck. When you have time, press the bone out on the side that feels easier to open your mouth. If you feel a big difference between the right and left sides, adjust the bone on the side that feels easier to open your mouth. Try this technique and let me know if it works for you.Summary:We did three things: posture correction with the 10-60 degree rule, stretching whenever you have time, and complicated adjustments. If you're interested, check out our face yoga app for tutorials and asymmetric analysis. We also have upcoming events like the Beijing Day Olympics and Ola Expo in Los Angeles in January 2022. Check our website for more information. Thanks for watching and stay tuned for more videos. Bye! Guest UserDecember 25, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make cheeks fuller Guest UserDecember 27, 2021 Next Fix Chronic Headache Guest UserDecember 23, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercise to Eliminate Horizontal necklines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/25/fix-neck-lines"}
Exercise and Tips to Fix Chronic Headache | Koko face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Chronic Headache I would like to address Keisha's request and discuss ways to alleviate or treat headaches. There are many causes of headaches, including tension in the facial muscles such as the masseter and temporalis. To reduce tension and headaches, we will be discussing three tips and exercises.1. Don’t do TCHAvoid the teeth contact habit. Teeth contact refers to when your upper and lower teeth touch while your face is at rest. This is considered a bad habit as it can be worse than grinding. Dentists in Japan have found that even if you're not clenching, lightly touching your teeth for a long period of time can be more damaging than grinding. This is because the habit of touching your teeth during the day can carry over into your sleep. To avoid this, make sure your upper and lower teeth are not touching. You should aim to have some space between the two, as seen on the back and side. A technique to help with this is mewing, where the tongue is kept up and lifts the upper teeth, creating space between the upper and lower teeth.2. Use tongue muscle to rest your faceTo rest your face, use your tongue muscle instead of the masseter muscle. The masseter muscle is an overworking muscle that can cause the face to become bigger over time. To shift the tension from the masseter muscle to the tongue muscle and palate, you can try mewing, cheek squats, and tongue squats. When doing cheek squats, make sure not to use the neck muscle and to check your posture in a mirror. The goal is to lift the palate as high as possible with the tongue and to relax the neck. Each exercise should last 10 seconds and can be done 1 to 3 times a day.3. MassageThis is not a long-term solution as you can't massage for the rest of your life. Massaging is a temporary fix for tension headaches. Target the front temporalis and masseter muscles, which are the main causes of tension headaches. However, too much massaging can lead to more pain and inflammation. A better approach is to use your fingers to massage the skull instead of the hair, and use a light, circular or up-down motion. Avoid pressing too hard. A massage gun can be a good alternative as it's less tiring and more efficient. Just be careful not to apply too much pressure. A mini version is recommended, as the big one can be too strong. Everyone's experience is different, but massaging all over the head feels good. Just be careful not to break any bones.If you're interested in more exercises, try our face yoga app, which features tutorials and an asymmetry analysis test available on iPhone. We're also planning on hosting a Face Olympics and Yoga Expo in Beijing next year. If you're interested in teaching the Koko Face Method, check out our live stream dates, announced three months in advance, on Saturdays and Sundays. Guest UserDecember 23, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Neck Lines Guest UserDecember 25, 2021 Next Fix neck bands and hole Guest UserDecember 14, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercise and Tips to Fix Chronic Headache | Koko face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/17/headache"}
Exercises to make Make cheeks fuller | KoKo Face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make cheeks fuller Today's topic is about reducing facial width to achieve a slimmer appearance. I previously made a video demonstrating an acupressure point technique that can help achieve a slimmer face. However, if you're interested in achieving a fuller, more rounded appearance, check out my other video.Firstly, it's important to understand why some people have a hollow-looking face. There can be multiple reasons for this, such as being too skinny. In that case, the solution is to gain weight. Another reason could be having high cheekbones that stick out too much, creating a bumpy appearance. This can happen if the cheekbones are too high, making the face look uneven. On the other hand, if the cheekbones are too low, the face can look less defined.1. Relax Chewing MuscleTo begin relaxing the four types of muscles used for chewing, start with the Masseter and temporalis muscles, as well as the lateral wing rib and medial pterygoid muscles (which can be hard to recall). Applying too much pressure may cause inflammation, so it's important to be gentle. If you have long nails, it's best to trim them before starting the massage. For the Masseter muscle, use a gentle massage technique with your fingers or gloves. To relax the temporalis muscle, place your fingers inside your mouth and follow your teeth while touching the hard spot, then slowly move upwards while massaging gently. This same technique can be used for the lateral wing rib muscle located outside the mouth, and the medial pterygoid muscle located inside the mouth. Be cautious not to damage the nerve and inhale and exhale during the massage. Remember to massage the muscles gently for only a short time, about a minute or so. Focus on both sides of the face to improve symmetry and avoid applying too much pressure.2. Cheek ExerciseThe goal is to prevent the cheeks from being too high or sticking out, which can cause issues like nasolabial and an unattractive hollow appearance. To perform this facial technique, start by placing your elbow on a table and resting your lower palm on the cheekbone at a 45-degree angle. Gently press inward towards the center of the skull while inhaling, and then exhale as you release the pressure. Repeat this five to ten times or more, adjusting for any asymmetry in your face. It's important to avoid pressing too hard or expecting instant results, as these issues may have developed over years of muscle movement. It's recommended to perform this exercise daily for best results. Note that a massage gun can be used, but be cautious and avoid using a tool that is too strong and may cause nerve damage. 3. Eat moreThis tip is especially important for people who are naturally skinny. If you lose too much weight, you may end up with neck tension, saggy skin, and other negative effects. Therefore, try to eat more and maintain a healthy weight. This will help you avoid having a skinny face and looking older than your age.If you're interested in learning more about facial exercises, download our Faceover app and try our free facial analysis test. You can also check our website for upcoming events such as the Yoga Expo and the Beijing Face Olympics Guest UserDecember 27, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face Guest UserDecember 30, 2021 Next Fix Neck Lines Guest UserDecember 25, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercises to make Make cheeks fuller | KoKo Face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/26/19vfzx1uoe8l0w7h50dqqai1xqo0gd"}
Fix asymmetrical eyes with face shiatsu | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Asymmetrical Eyes Today, let's discuss ways to enhance eye symmetry. Many of us have some degree of asymmetry, which is normal as we have a dominant and non-dominant eye, just like a dominant hand or eyebrow. However, it's best to minimize the asymmetry. Here are three tips and exercises to help.#1 Butterfly AdjustmentThe butterfly refers to a bone inside the body that is shaped like a butterfly and connects to the temple. To improve symmetry, you want to balance the height of the two temples. Here's how to do it: stand in front of a mirror, find the difference in height between your temples, then place your fingers on the lower temple and gently push it up. At the same time, press down on the higher temple with your other hand. Repeat this for five breaths, keeping your legs uncrossed and your chest open. This exercise helps to balance the muscles in the temple and jaw, which can contribute to asymmetry. In addition to this exercise, it's important to have a balanced diet and avoid asymmetrical eating habits. Improving symmetry takes time and consistency, but with a combination of exercises and healthy habits, you can make progress."#2 Cheekbone ExerciseTo perform the cheekbone exercise, place your palm at a 45 degree angle to the center of your cheek, press in and hold for 30 seconds to 1 minute while doing slow breathing. The tongue should be up and it is recommended to rest your elbow on a stable surface for better stability. Focus on lowering one cheekbone at a time before doing both at the same time. The asymmetry in the face is often due to body asymmetry, so it may not be possible to make the face perfectly symmetrical. However, the goal is to make the face as symmetrical as possible by bringing down one cheekbone and lifting the other.#3 Frontalis ExerciseLet's focus on the frontalis area. This exercise targets the overdrive muscle and is important. We have already worked on the butterfly and cheek area and now it's time to work on the frontalis to improve the eyes. Place the lower palm of your hand on the frontalis, which is the upper part of the eye socket. Be careful not to damage the eye and place your elbow on the table. Inhale and lift your hand slightly. Repeat this two more times, focusing on slow breathing. The last step is to lie down in a supine position, check your symmetry and make sure it's 50/50. If you haven't already, check out my seven asymmetrical face exercises too.To summarize: This exercise focuses on the frontalis muscle around the forehead. First, place your thumb on the temple, inhale and move your thumb. We have also worked on the butterfly muscle and the cheek. To target the frontalis muscle, place the eye socket on the lower brow and lift straight up while doing five slow breaths. For more information on asymmetry and gut analysis, check out our tutorials and instructor certification program on Facebook. Thank you and happy new year! Guest UserJanuary 4, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Update on Dr. Mew's petition Guest UserJanuary 7, 2022 Next 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face Guest UserDecember 30, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix asymmetrical eyes with face shiatsu | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/4/fix-asymmetrical-eyes"}
Exercises for 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face This is my second video from my quarantine hotel in Japan, and today I will be discussing three types of asymmetrical faces. I personally have an interest in correcting my asymmetry. The three classes are 1 (moderate asymmetry), 2 (moderate-to-severe asymmetry), and 3 (very symmetrical). Knowing which class your asymmetry falls into will help guide you to the appropriate solution."#1 Muscle Imbalanced Class 1 asymmetry is caused by muscle imbalances, particularly in the jaw and chewing muscles. The mandible is the only bone that actively moves in the face, but other bones may move slightly due to connections to other muscles. Imbalanced muscles around the bone can cause asymmetry. To assess muscle asymmetry, close your mouth, relax, and check if the center of your upper and lower teeth align. If they do, but your face is still asymmetrical, it is likely due to muscle asymmetry and can be an easier, moderate asymmetry to fix. It's important to have a balanced chewing pattern by chewing equally on both sides, which is referred to as 50/50.#2 Jaw is slidingClass two asymmetrical face is characterized by a misaligned jaw. If the center of your upper teeth doesn't line up with the center of your lower teeth when you close your mouth and relax, then your jaw might be sliding to one side. You can determine which side it's sliding to by touching the edge of your lower jaw and the indent spot below it. The solution for class two is to gently reposition the jaw using your fingers. Hook your thumb on the edge of the mandible and place the other hand on your cheekbone at a 45-degree angle. Slowly inhale and press inward without touching your upper and lower teeth. Repeat this exercise 3 to 5 times per day while keeping your spine straight. Note that the movement should be slow and subtle.#3 Jaw is sliding and rotatingThe asymmetry face class number three is a complicated type of asymmetry. It is not just sliding, but also rotating and sliding back. This can cause the upper and lower teeth to be misaligned. The mandible bone rotates and slides to either side, making this type of asymmetry more difficult than just sliding (class two). To check for this, you can look for straightness at two spots on the mandible edge and feel for rotation. You can also check the chin angle, but it may be difficult to see. This type of asymmetry often stems from body asymmetry as the jaw tries to balance the body offset. It's important to avoid bad habits that can cause asymmetry, such as carrying a bag on one side or always crossing the same leg. To prevent asymmetry, you should try to balance your body by alternating sides when sleeping, avoiding dominant hand use, and alternating the side you carry the bag on.In summary there are three types. The first is caused by muscle imbalance, and can be corrected by maintaining a 50/50 balance. Avoid excessive chewing gum as it can lead to overuse of one side of your face. The second type is caused by jaw misalignment, which can be corrected by repositioning your jaw. The third type, the most asymmetrical, is a combination of rotation and sliding, and requires fixing the body asymmetry to fix the face. Guest UserDecember 30, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Asymmetrical Eyes Guest UserJanuary 4, 2022 Next Make cheeks fuller Guest UserDecember 27, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercises for 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/28/3-types-of-asymmetrical-face"}
Relax Jaw Sliding Muscle To Fix The Asymmetrical Chin Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Relax jaw sliding muscle to fix asymmetrical chin Today, let's focus on a specific muscle to target for relaxation and improved chin symmetry. This technique is effective for classes 1-3, although additional resources may be necessary, the medial pterygoid muscle, which is located inside the mouth. It is one of the four chewing muscles, along with the masseter muscle, temple muscle, temporalis muscle, and lateral pterygoid muscle. The medial pterygoid muscle is very strong and is responsible for closing the mouth and sliding. This muscle can become asymmetrical from excessive use, even though it is not as exaggerated as in animalsRelax medial pterygoid muscleLet's start. By the way, my hair is still long. It was just tied up. I wanted to experiment with it. Anyway, remember to wash your hands first, as there is still a COVID-19 situation ongoing. Clean your hands and then locate the medial pterygoid muscle inside your mouth. To reach it, slightly open your jaw, the wider you open, the easier it will be to access. Be careful not to use a sharp object as it can be dangerous. Gently open your mouth and take five deep breaths, either pressing or wiggling whichever is comfortable for you. But be gentle, don't apply too much pressure as it can harm the nerves. Listen to your body and be mindful of any discomfort. Inhale and exhale. Repeat this process three times. If you experience pain in the area, this exercise can help relieve it. Try doing it once or twice a day for five breaths at a time, and see if it makes a difference. If it doesn't work, move on to something else. Everyone's face is unique, and the causes of asymmetrical faces also vary. So I suggest trying different options and finding what works best for you.It's important to try multiple exercises to see what works best for you. I welcome your feedback so I can continue to improve and do more research. However, be gentle when doing these exercises as excessive force can damage the nerves in your face. Please listen to your body and be careful. If you're looking for other exercises, feel free to explore what's available. If you're interested in becoming a certified instructor, check out the online version of the Beijing Face Olympics and the instructor certification course. The stream dates will be announced on the website. Guest UserJanuary 10, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial Lines Guest UserJanuary 13, 2022 Next Update on Dr. Mew's petition Guest UserJanuary 7, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Relax Jaw Sliding Muscle To Fix The Asymmetrical Chin", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/8/vc9vpi5l3bopxcy4i03um63fivxlrs"}
5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial or laugh Lines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial Lines I will discuss five quick solutions for the nasolabial line, also known as the laugh or smile line. #1 Iron itThe first tip is to smile more often, as smiling helps to wake up the muscle that lifts the line. However, it is important to note that as we age, skin elasticity decreases, which can make the line more prominent. After smiling, you can use your fingers to gently massage the line in a circular motion for five seconds in each direction. It may feel bumpy, but this is the targeted area. It's important to focus on the beginning of the line and avoid stretching other areas. Do this on both sides of your face and remember to relax your face after the massage to release any tension. Keep in mind that these solutions are temporary and not permanent.#2 Iron with fingerSimilar to the previous one, this time we will use our fingers to tighten and strengthen the skin on the face. This is done by sandwiching the skin between our fingers and the tongue and moving them around. Additionally, using sound bleaching can make this exercise more effective. It's best to do this exercise right after a big laugh or smile. I learned this technique from a beauty and face exercise expert who taught me something different but I was able to pick up on this technique because of my awareness of facial movements. And it's easy to do quickly, especially with a mask on, like in my hometown of Hokkaido, Japan where masks are mandatory due to a recent outbreak. However, it's not recommended to use your finger in public but the exercise can still be done without it.#3 Sandwich the skin with two fingersAnother one that utilizes the use of fingers. To begin, make sure your nails are trimmed short so as not to damage the skin. Using two fingers, gently press and hold the skin on the face. It's important to avoid stretching the skin too much as excessive stretching can lead to wrinkles and sagging over time. Instead, use a gentle, sandwiching motion with your fingers. And one thing you should be careful when doing this exercise at home is that people tend to overdo it and stretch the skin too much. It's important to avoid stretching the skin too much as it can cause wrinkles and sagging in the long run.#4 Use air to iron itIs a technique that utilizes air to iron out wrinkles on the face. To begin, puff out your cheeks like a chipmunk and hold the air in the upper area of your face. Use your finger to prevent wrinkles from forming while doing this exercise. This is known as the "mirroring" exercise. It is an effective way to smooth out wrinkles and tone the muscles in the upper part of your face.#5 SkincareIf you're concerned about wrinkles around the nasolabial area, this exercise is a great option. It is similar to the one we did at the beginning, but this time you will use the tip of your tongue and apply skincare cream to the area. Using cream instead of just your hands will help the product penetrate deeper and be more effective. This exercise is similar to ironing, it can provide a quick fix but for lasting results, it's important to do it frequently, especially after a big laugh. It's also important to remember to always keep your maxilla lifted by practicing cheek exercises such as cheek squats, which are essential in lifting the cheeks and preventing sagging. If you're unsure of how to do these exercises, please check out our cheek squat video for more information.Summary:When practiced regularly, can make a significant difference in the appearance of your skin. To begin, let's review the exercises again. The first tip is to use your tongue to press and massage both sides of your face. Additionally, you can focus on deeper wrinkles as well. The next tip is to use your fingers to press and massage the skin, using a "sandwich triple attack" technique. However, it's important to ensure that you're not stretching the skin while doing this, as that can cause damage. Finally, applying a skincare cream can also help to improve the appearance of wrinkles. Guest UserJanuary 13, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Areas to relax on face Guest UserJanuary 17, 2022 Next Relax jaw sliding muscle to fix asymmetrical chin Guest UserJanuary 10, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial or laugh Lines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/13/5-quick-fixes-for-nasolabial-lines"}
3 Areas to relax on the face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Areas to relax on face I would like to discuss the importance of relaxing certain areas of the face where tension tends to build up. As you can see, there are many areas that appear red in color. These represent muscles that are overworked, while blue areas represent muscles that are underactive. To achieve a lifted, youthful appearance, it is essential to relax overworked muscles and activate underactive ones. This is the fundamental principle behind our Koko Face Yoga program. In this post, I will introduce three areas of the face that are commonly overworked and explain how to relax them.#1 Frown lines between eyebrows (11th lines)The first area I'd like to discuss is the frown line between the eyebrows, also known as the "11 lines." This area, specifically the corrugator muscle, tends to be constantly contracted, leading to the formation of wrinkles. However, it's not just this one muscle that needs to be relaxed, but the entire area surrounding it, including the inner corners of the eyes and the upper corners of the nose. To relax this muscle, one technique is to use facial shiatsu, which involves massaging the muscle with a lubricant such as cream. Another effective technique is to use facial tape, which can reduce tension in the overworked area. Additionally, if you find that you have a lot of tension in this area when you wake up, it may be a sign that you are experiencing stress or nightmares. So it's important to find ways to relax this area if you have lots of tension here.#2 Masseter muscleThis muscle is often associated with TMJ pain, clicking sounds, and teeth grinding (TCH). If you experience these symptoms, it may be worth checking out our video on TCH as some dentists believe it is worse than grinding. Additionally, tension in this muscle can also lead to headaches. To reduce tension in this area, I personally went to a chiropractor who specializes in facial symmetry and slimming the face. As a face yoga instructor, I always emphasize the importance of reducing tension, but I was surprised to find that even I had tension in this area. It's important to find ways to relax this muscle if you have tension here.#3 MentalisWhen we are focused on something, such as working on a computer or experiencing stress, this muscle can often become tense. Many people may also have a tendency to hold their face in a certain posture, which can lead to wrinkles and tension in this area. Additionally, the DAO depressor muscle, which is located near the mentalis muscle, can also become overworked and contribute to wrinkles and sagging in the face. To address this, it is important to relax this muscle. One exercise that I have found helpful is to place your fingers on the muscle and gently press down, holding for a few seconds. This exercise can be done regularly to help relax the muscle and improve the appearance of the face.Summary: It is crucial to pay attention to three specific areas of the face: the inner upper area, the masseter muscle, and the chin. When these areas become tense, it can result in sagging skin and wrinkles. Therefore, it is essential to make an effort to relax these areas to maintain a youthful and healthy appearance. Guest UserJanuary 17, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab Guest UserJanuary 23, 2022 Next 5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial Lines Guest UserJanuary 13, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Areas to relax on the face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/15/3-areas-to-relax-on-face"}
Update on Dr. Mew's Petition Save Dr. Mew's Dental Licence Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Update on Dr. Mew's petition Happy New Year 2022! Thank you for your support in 2021. I'm thrilled about more exciting opportunities with all of you. Quick update on the Dr. Mew news case: as you may know, I started a change.org petition to save Dr. Mew's dental license and I'm grateful for the outpouring of support. We received 2,100 petitions. Thank you so much for your reading and support. I truly appreciate it.Thank you again for your support. We're still trying to gather more help for Dr. Mew's situation and your assistance is greatly appreciated. There have been some comments on the change.org page, including one from Reek C who says that “ after having permanent teeth extracted for braces and wisdom teeth removed, they now have a caved-in and unhealthy-looking face with an underbite. This led to a TMJ issue that has destroyed their career and life. After a decade of trying to understand the issue, they believe that retractive orthodontics is the main cause of the compromise of their musculoskeletal function.”Reek C believes that extraction orthodontics is one of the most invasive procedures performed on kids without proper informed consent. This needs to change. Reek C was a 13-year-old kid when they underwent the procedure and had no idea of the potential consequences. The negative effects can be gradual and difficult to detect without a full analysis of the skull, jaws, and body posture, which orthodontists do not typically do. Dr. Mew is challenging the traditional, dogmatic approach to orthodontics and is facing opposition from the establishment. This should make people even more skeptical of traditional orthodontics."There is a shocking comment about dental treatment, but I've seen similar opinions on my YouTube channel. I made a video about not extracting teeth easily, as one doctor suggested. The holistic dentist Dr. Sally believes in functional facial features and doesn't want patients to undergo unnecessary extractions. I asked medical friends and one dentist about this before launching a petition to protect myself. Other dentists also agree that the methods used, not the practitioner, are causing negative opinions and may lead to license revocation. I believe the petition is valid and has received 2,100 signatures so far. Our goal is 2,500 signatures to bring more attention to the issue. I appreciate your support by signing and spreading the word. Influencers and YouTubers have also supported the cause. I would be grateful if you could spread the information and help save Dr. Mew’s license. Guest UserJanuary 7, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Relax jaw sliding muscle to fix asymmetrical chin Guest UserJanuary 10, 2022 Next Fix Asymmetrical Eyes Guest UserJanuary 4, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Update on Dr. Mew's Petition Save Dr. Mew's Dental Licence", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/8/update-on-dr-mews-petition"}
Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab | Koko face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab We're thrilled to have Dr. Shehab, from Australia, as our special guest for our upcoming YouTube stream. He will be discussing the topic of "mewing," and how it is not a complete approach to facial development. Dr. Shehab will delve into the three key points, including swallowing and proper tongue posture, that should be taken into consideration for optimal results. Join us as we introduce Dr. Shehab and learn more about this exciting topic.I am Dr. Shehab Faragallah, a holistic dentist with extensive experience in treating children for oral-facial muscular imbalances. This includes positioning the tongue and assisting in facial development. I want to start by saying that "mewing" is a fantastic technique for helping people understand proper tongue position and breathing. However, I believe it is not a complete approach. One important aspect that needs to be addressed is the act of swallowing. When we swallow, the tongue should be the primary muscle used. I invite those watching to practice this technique while drinking something. Additionally, there are other points that should also be taken into consideration for optimal results.If you want to try swallowing without any movement in your facial muscles, go ahead and give it a try. As demonstrated, it is possible to swallow without using your face muscles. This is important to note because using these muscles while swallowing can be a habit developed during childhood when transitioning to eating solid food. In order to prevent dribbling or dropping food, other muscles may become involved in the swallowing process. This habit should be broken as it can cause crooked teeth by pulling and squeezing against them. When the tongue is used correctly during swallowing, teeth are able to move into their correct position and expand.It is also important to note that some people may have developed bad habits such as swallowing sideways, pulling back or activating the lower muscle while swallowing. These habits can be observed by observing a person while they swallow. These habits should be corrected as they may occur frequently, and it is important to have proper muscle movement during swallowing for optimal oral health. Swallowing is an important process that is often overlooked. However, there are many different variations that can cause multiple bad swallows. One common problem is when the tongue is thrust forward during swallowing, causing it to go between the teeth. This can be seen more frequently in children. To prevent this, the tongue should be behind the front teeth on the top and elevated, allowing it to do all the work.Another point to consider is the way in which we drink. Some people may prefer using a straw or water bottle, while others may prefer to drink directly from a glass or cup. The way in which we drink can also affect the way we swallow. For example, if we drink from a straw or water bottle, we may activate less of our swallowing muscles. On the other hand, if we drink directly from a glass or cup, we may activate more of our swallowing muscles. Additionally, cultural differences may also play a role in the way we drink and swallow. For example, in India, people may drink in a different way than in other countries. Overall, it is important to be aware of the different variations that can cause multiple bad swallows and to consider the way we drink as well. Although it can be difficult, the idea is to avoid touching and instead focus on using muscle control for a more hygienic approach. However, if you are well-trained and have mastered muscle control, occasionally drinking from a bottle should not be a problem. It's important to note that exercises to improve the range of motion of the jaw can be beneficial for overall health, but it's important to be mindful of any existing jaw issues. Over-opening the jaw can cause problems such as temporomandibular joint dysfunction. In the past, people had more facial development and could open their mouths wider, but today that's not as common. It's important to practice opening the jaw, but if you have any issues, it's best to avoid them as they can exacerbate the problem. Additionally, if the jaw disc slips out of place, it can cause serious problems that may require treatment.It's a bit concerning to me when I see eating shows on YouTube, known as Mukbang, where people eat large amounts of food and use too much muscle in their jaw. I don't recommend doing that. In the past, people would spend a significant amount of time eating and chewing their food, but now we tend to eat quickly and chew less. This can lead to problems with the development of our jaw muscles and bones. It's important to chew our food properly, around 20 times before swallowing, but the problem is that food is often too soft and easy to swallow. In Japan, where I am currently, we were taught to chew at least 10 times before swallowing. It's harder to do this now. In addition to proper chewing, it's also important to relax while swallowing, but it's important to be mindful not to make it a habit as it can lead to other problems such as flaring of the upper front teeth.There are two types of swallowing: drinking, which involves physically consuming liquid or other substances, and swallowing with the mouth closed. A balance must be struck between creating a short filter and maintaining a lip seal, as a short filter can make it difficult to bring the lips together, leading to mouth breathing and potential issues such as dry mouth, staining of the teeth, and sleep disorders like sleep apnea. In cases of chronic mouth breathing, the upper front teeth may become dehydrated and develop a yellow line, and the philtrum may shorten, requiring stretching to correct. We attempted to reduce the philtrum over six months, and while a short-term philtrum may be desirable for aesthetics, it is important to maintain a lip seal while resting the face. To improve the appearance of the lips, it is helpful to exercise them during the day. When drinking, it is normal to open the mouth, but when resting the face, it is important to keep the lips closed and maintain a lip seal. The yellow line on the front teeth can indicate chronic mouth breathing during sleep, which can have negative effects on overall health including changes in blood gases and hormones. It is important to address this issue to improve both aesthetics and health.There are a variety of physiological changes that occur when mouth breathing, including issues related to aesthetics, physical health, and mental well-being. It is important to take this issue seriously, especially if you are interested in teeth whitening, as chronic mouth breathing can lead to yellowing of the teeth. This issue is becoming more common, even among actors and athletes, and can lead to sleep disturbances and other health problems as one age. One way to improve the condition is to practice swallowing with no movement and with the mouth open, and checking to see if any water comes out when tilting the head.Swallowing correctly is important for overall health, and it is important to ensure that the tongue is doing all the work during the swallow. To practice this, try swallowing a small amount of water with your mouth open and your head straight, and then tilting your head forward to check if any water comes out. This exercise helps activate the correct muscles for swallowing and ensures that the tongue is doing its job correctly. It is also important to not use other muscles such as the cheeks to assist in the swallow. Additionally, it is important to maintain a relaxed neck during the swallow, as it is often connected to the orofacial musculature. This is something that should be practiced not only with water but with all food.It is possible that the tongue can be stretched to improve one's ability to mew, but it is not clear if this is a common practice or if it is effective. Some people may develop the habit of mewing from a young age, while others may develop it later in life due to certain circumstances such as allergies. Taping the mouth during sleep can be an effective way to revert back to nasal breathing, but it is important to not overuse it and to also practice without the tape at times to maintain the natural tension of the lips. Different types of tape may work better for different people, and it is important to experiment with different types to find what works best.It's important to note that proper swallowing technique, as well as proper breathing, are crucial for overall health and well-being. Additionally, it's important to monitor your sleeping habits and ensure that you are getting enough hydration throughout the day. Monitoring your mouth and saliva in the morning can also provide insight into your breathing and swallowing habits during the night. And it is important to note that the technique of taping your mouth while sleeping should be done with care and under the guidance of a professional. It is also important to take breaks from taping to allow the muscle to regain its natural tension.Make sure that the back of the tongue is raised and the sides are not hanging over the teeth. This can be achieved by using a technique called the Myospots, which are small dissolvable spots that are placed on the inside of the gums on the first molar. The idea is that the tongue should not go beyond the spot, and it should dissolve after 45 minutes. This helps train the tongue to stay in the correct position. Another technique that can be used is the bite test, where you gently bite down to see if your tongue is catching on the side, indicating that it is hanging over the teeth. It is possible to train yourself to habitually elevate the front and back of the tongue, but it requires conscious training and awareness. Guest UserJanuary 23, 2022 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Prevent Facial Osteoporosis Guest UserJanuary 26, 2022 Next 3 Areas to relax on face Guest UserJanuary 17, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab | Koko face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2022/1/26/why-mewing-is-not-good-enough-by-dr-shehab"}
Make Fuller Lips Naturally - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make Fuller Lips Naturally In this video, I will share updated tips on how to achieve fuller lips naturally. Rather than resorting to excessive lip fillers, which can result in a similar, uniform look, I will show you a more natural approach to achieving plump lips. Let's get started!1. Lip sumo exerciseThis is a lip exercise called "lip sumo" to create fuller lips without filler. Relax your facial muscles and press your upper and lower lips tightly together to build muscle around your mouth. The upper lip is the focus as the lower lip tends to overwork. Ensure a tiny gap between your upper and lower teeth and reduce tension by holding your chin with a finger. Keep your tongue on the palate to maintain symmetry. Do this exercise three times a day for 10 seconds each time. Focus on the upper lip only and use cheek vibration to release tension. Be sure to prevent wrinkles by using fingers and cheek vibration before and after the exercise.2. MewingA technique called mewing, is also known as correct tongue posture. It's important to first watch our mewing 101 video as it's essential to understand the correct technique. When mewing, the tongue is placed in a specific position that causes the yellow maxilla bone to protrude slightly, particularly in younger individuals. This can result in significant forward growth of the face rather than elongation.Even for older individuals, mewing can have positive effects. Before-and-after photos have shown improvement, and Dr. Afzali, a professional I've learned from, has observed that patients who practice mewing can experience forward movement of the upper lip, resulting in a fuller and more attractive appearance. It's important to note that this technique primarily affects the upper lip rather than the lower lip. So, if you want to achieve a fuller and more positive look, focusing on mewing can be an amazing way to achieve it.3. Philtrum exerciseAlthough I have yet to give it an official name, I've previously demonstrated this exercise in a video. To perform it, gently hold your lips together and slightly push up without engaging your nose or cheek muscles. Focus solely on your Philtrum muscle to create a defined cupid's bow. It may be challenging at first, but aim to do this exercise slowly and isolate only the Philtrum muscle. If other muscles move initially, it's okay, but try to minimize their engagement as you practice. Start with 10 repetitions a day, focusing on quality over quantity. With consistency, this exercise can lead to fuller and more defined upper lips.In summary, the video presented three exercises and tips for improving the appearance of the lips and face. The first tip was to do the lip sumo exercise and reduce chin tension. The second tip was to practice correct tongue posture or "mewing" to enhance the fullness of the upper lip. The third exercise focused on creating the lower cupid's bow on purpose, isolating the muscle and avoiding tension in other facial muscles. The video also promoted the Face Yoga App and upcoming events such as the Face Olympics and instructor certification. Guest UserNovember 9, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to smile beautiful Guest UserNovember 16, 2021 Next Erase forehead wrinkles Guest UserNovember 2, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make Fuller Lips Naturally - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/8/fuller-lips"}
How to smile beautiful - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to smile beautiful In this blog, I will share five tips for achieving a beautiful smile. Specifically, I will discuss the muscles that are beneficial and those that are not helpful when it comes to smiling.1. Don’t show lower teethAvoid showing your lower teeth when you smile. This is because when you use the lower and metallic muscle, it can cause sagging in the face. Instead, try to smile with your upper teeth resting on top of your lower lip. This will not only make your smile look more aesthetically pleasing, but it will also prevent sagging. Remember, this tip applies to regular smiling and not to big laughs where it's okay to show your teeth more widely.2 MewingPlacing the tongue on the roof of the mouth behind the upper front teeth helps create tension in the cheeks and lift the upper jaw, resulting in a more beautiful smile with defined cheekbones. This technique also helps to prevent an overactive mentalis muscle and reduce the appearance of a gummy smile. By using the tongue to create tension in the upper jaw, the strain on the chin muscle can be reduced for a more relaxed appearance. Be sure to check our mirroring one-on-one video for more information.3. V smileLet's discuss the V Smile, also known as the E Smile or the boxy smile. While this smile may be popular among younger people, it is not ideal for everyone, especially if you have habits like grinding or TMJ pain. Overusing the mata muscle, also known as the Risorius and the Mentalis, can lead to these problems. Instead, you should focus on using the zygomatic major and minor muscles, which are responsible for lifting up the cheeks. You can activate these muscles by saying "Sue" and "F," respectively. Additionally, imagine lifting the temples slightly to enhance the beauty of your smile. Remember to avoid showing your lower teeth and to keep your chin relaxed for a perfect smile.4. Relax nose muscleRelax your nose muscle to prevent overacting and wrinkles. Place fingers on cheek muscle and slide down to relax nose muscle. Don't move the muscle that causes flaring of nostrils. Practice smiling without using the nose muscle, using only the cheek muscle. Prevent crow's feet by placing middle finger next to nostril and not flaring nostrils when smiling.5. Smile including eyesTo have a natural smile, it's important to smile with your eyes and not just your mouth. This means slightly squinting your eyes, but not too much. If you're worried about wrinkles, you can do facial exercises or use eye cream to prevent them. When applying eye cream, use a "skin ironing" technique by tapping lightly with your fingers to avoid stretching the skin. It's difficult to remember all of these tips when you're smiling, but with practice, you can retrain your muscles to create a beautiful and natural smile.Summary:To create a beautiful and natural smile, there are five key tips to keep in mind. First, avoid showing your lower teeth to prevent sagging in the face. Second, use the "mewing" technique of placing your tongue on the roof of your mouth to create tension in the cheeks and lift the upper jaw. Third, focus on using the zygomatic major and minor muscles for a "V smile" instead of overusing the mata and mentalis muscles. Fourth, relax your nose muscle to prevent wrinkles. Finally, smile with your eyes to create a natural smile. With practice, these tips can help retrain your muscles to create a more aesthetically pleasing smile. Guest UserNovember 16, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Ogee Curve Guest UserNovember 28, 2021 Next Make Fuller Lips Naturally Guest UserNovember 9, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to smile beautiful - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/16/how-to-smile-beautiful"}
Ogee Curve, Face Exercises - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Ogee Curve Today, let's discuss the ogee curve or line, which is a smooth S-shaped line on the forehead. It should not be overdone as it can give an unnatural appearance. I will share three exercises to help achieve a smooth and beautiful S shape. Let's get started.1. Face MassageFor the first exercise, we will use a face shiatsu technique to break down muscle knots in the face. This will help to achieve a smoother ogee curve. Use your knuckles to hook below the cheekbone and move upwards for one minute, without causing any friction on the skin. Repeat as needed, and you can also try moving up and down for added effect. This technique is especially useful for reducing the mid-cheek line. Be aware that it may cause slight pain, but this means you are breaking down muscle knots. Remember to be gentle, especially if you have had a recent nose injury.2. Cheek Squat ExerciseThis exercise involves several techniques that require practice to achieve. Before starting, make sure you understand the concept of mewing, which we explain in our mewing101 video. To begin, show at least eight upper teeth, but ideally ten or eleven if you have a wider smile. Your cheeks should be up and your upper teeth resting on your lower lip. Inside your mouth, engage in mewing by pushing your tongue up and flattening it against your palate. Be sure to keep your neck relaxed while doing this exercise. Hold for ten seconds, then release the tension. To prevent unwanted frown lines or larger nostrils, check out our other videos dedicated to improving the cheek squat. You can repeat this exercise one to three times per day, and remember to practice 50/50 chewing while eating to ensure efficient use of your cheek muscles. This will help create the slight S-shape we desire.3. Face Shiatsu TechniqueThe Face Shiatsu technique involves applying finger pressure to various parts of the face, focusing on areas with muscle tension or bumps. To achieve smoother and more defined facial features, it's recommended to incorporate this technique into your daily skincare routine. During the massage, be mindful of avoiding friction and causing wrinkles. The exercise includes massaging the forehead and cheeks, holding each position for at least one minute. This technique can also help reduce check lines and muscle knots. Remember to maintain good posture and incorporate this exercise daily for optimal results.In summary, those were the three exercises for the face shiatsu technique, which can help smooth out the forehead and achieve a nicer shape. However, if you're interested in more exercises and analysis for asymmetrical faces, be sure to check out the app, which is available on iPhone. Also, exciting news: there will be a yoga expo in Los Angeles on January 22nd next year, where the speaker will be teaching the Koko face yoga method to a large group. Stay tuned for updates on teaching opportunities for this method as well. Thanks for watching and see you in the next video! Guest UserNovember 28, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? Koko HayashiNovember 29, 2021 Next How to smile beautiful Guest UserNovember 16, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Ogee Curve, Face Exercises - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/27/ogee-curve"}
Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? There’s no doubt. There has been a wildly increasing demand for products that help people shake off their love handles.Top brands like the LeanBean Fat Burner claim to speed up weight loss by burning fat and regulating appetite more efficiently.There are testimonials out there that present that fat burners do work in losing weight. The question that most women are worried about is: what are their side effects? Most importantly, do they cause acne?What is Acne?Acne is a stubborn skin condition that is difficult to control. It causes physical discomfort and affects mental health.Acne occurs when oil clogs your pores and mixes with bacteria. Pores are home to the sebaceous oil gland and a hair follicle. Acne occurs when there is excessive sebum. The sebaceous gland produces sebum. When mixed with bacteria, acne occurs.However, sebum is not at all bad for you. It moisturizes your skin. Also, it serves as a protective layer on the skin. It helps keep pathogens out.What Causes Acne Breakouts?Healthline states that your risk for acne is high during puberty. During puberty, your body changes. It occurs due to hormonal changes during this stage of life.Pregnant women can also experience breakouts. Pregnant women experience hormonal changes as well.Additionally, corticosteroids, birth control, and other medications may contribute to acne breakouts.Moreover, diet can influence acne breakouts. If you consume excessive sugar and carbohydrate regularly, you have a high risk for acne.Furthermore, there is an inclined chance of acne breakouts if your parents had them.How To Treat AcneIn order not to cause further breakouts and irritations it is important not to touch your skin and not to use skincare products that contain harsh chemicals. Instead, opt for products that have Vitamin C, tea tree oil, salicylic acid, and goat milk. For instance, you can choose a cleanser that contains tea tree essence, as it has calming effects and fights irritation. Soaps made of goat milk are another option for deep cleansing the skin without damaging the skin barrier. It is also known that fat contained in goat milk can maintain the balance in the skin preventing acne breakouts.Do Fat Burners Cause Acne?Weight loss and fat loss are not completely synonymous. When you lose weight, there is no assurance that what you have burned are fats. It can be that you just lost some water weight.Some of the side effects of rapid weight loss are excessive hair fall, too much loose skin, and acne. Acne occurs when your body experiences hormonal changes.When you want to lose weight using fat burners, you need to consult with a medical professional to lessen your chance of getting acne breakouts.Types of Fat BurnersLosing fat is not a bad thing. Especially if the fats you want to burn are excessive or too much of them covers your organs unhealthily.Exercise can help you with fat burn. It can be effective if you know what your goals are. Also, it is effective if you know which body parts you are targeting. For example, if you want to get some aesthetic benefits on your facial area, you should try exercises that target the facial area.If you want to speed up your fat-burning process, you can pair your exercise routines with a fat burner. There are many types of fat burners.One type of fat burner is a thermogenic fat burner. It is widely famous for fat burning. It works by speeding up your metabolic function. It provides you with heightened energy.Another type of fat burner is a carb blocker. A carb blocker works by blocking the absorption of calories from the carbohydrates that you eat. That way, you get to prevent feeling hungry all the time and overeat.Also, appetite suppressants can help you with fat loss. It works by helping you feel full for longer. That way, you do not eat more than you should. The VerdictIf your fat burner causes your oil glands to produce excess sebum, then there is a chance for you to experience a few breakouts.When you combine fat burners and exercise, you boost your weight loss process. Whether it is to keep you moving throughout the day, suppress your appetite, or block calories, fat burners can do wonders for you.To reach your fat loss and weight loss goals, consulting a doctor is the best option for you. That way, you get to prevent some side effects such as acne breakouts and excessive hair loss. A medical specialist can help you safely reach your weight goals with much less risk for health complications. Koko HayashiNovember 29, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make forehead smaller Guest UserDecember 4, 2021 Next Ogee Curve Guest UserNovember 28, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/29/do-fat-burners-cause-acne"}
How to Make Forehead Smaller | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make forehead smaller If you have a larger forehead, you may feel self-conscious about it and wish to make it appear smaller. While there are surgical procedures available, there are also natural and non-invasive methods that can help reduce the appearance of a large forehead. In this article, we will discuss some effective exercises and tips to help make your forehead look smaller.1. Increase Baby HairThe first tip is to increase the baby hair on your forehead. While some exercises such as lifting your eyebrows may help, growing baby hair is the most effective and quickest solution. To do this, try avoiding shampooing your hair and allow your hair to grow naturally. This can help stimulate the growth of baby hair on your forehead.2. Shiatsu TechniqueIt's important to pay attention to your forehead and smooth out any unnecessary bumps or wrinkles, as focusing on them can make your forehead appear larger. To do this, find the bumpy muscle and massage it, using your hands or a mini massage machine for more effective results. I'm currently testing the machine on different areas of the head to see if it improves blood circulation and reduces tension. While it's not recommended to use the machine directly on the forehead, using it with a cushion may be effective.3. Fascia releaseAs a writing expert, I suggest shortening and rewriting the text for clarity and brevity.To lift the eyebrows and make the face appear shorter, we can release the fascia above the eyebrow. fascia is a thin layer above the muscle that can become tight, causing tension and loss of elasticity in the muscles. Holding the fascia area for five to seven minutes can reduce the tension and recover elasticity. However, we must be careful not to stretch the upper eyelid too much, which can cause wrinkles and skin damage.We can use the Myo Faia release technique to melt the fascia's tension into liquid, but it can take a long time, and quick results are not always possible. Therefore, we can try the instant results technique of putting our fingers on the bone above the eyes and lifting up, but again, we must be careful not to stretch the skin too much. When we have muscle knots or eye fatigue, we can use face yoga techniques to reduce pain. We can break down tiny muscle knots using our knuckles, and hold the fascia area to release tension. It's best to focus on the dominant side, and to be patient with the slow movements.Thanks for tuning in! Don't forget to check out our instructor certification course, available on demand or via livestream next year, with some great discounts currently on offer. And while you're at it, give our free Face app a download and check out the asymmetry analysis feature, available now on iPhone. Thanks again and see you in the next video. Guest UserDecember 4, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Massage gun to improve facial symmetry Guest UserDecember 8, 2021 Next Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? Koko HayashiNovember 29, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to Make Forehead Smaller | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/12/4/make-forehead-smaller"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Erase forehead wrinkles Guest UserNovember 2, 2021 Make face slimmer Guest UserOctober 29, 2021 Eliminate Laugh Lines Guest UserOctober 26, 2021 Side effects from wearing night guard Guest UserOctober 21, 2021 How to speak for less wrinkle Guest UserOctober 17, 2021 10 face exercises to fix asymmetrical face Guest UserOctober 13, 2021 10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face Guest UserOctober 8, 2021 TMJ Adjustment Part 2 to stop clicking sound Guest UserOctober 4, 2021 Mewing Side Effects! Guest UserSeptember 30, 2021 Asymmetrical mewing Guest UserSeptember 26, 2021 Reset TMJ Guest UserSeptember 22, 2021 3 plastic surgeries that you should think twice Guest UserSeptember 18, 2021 Asymmetrical face analysis Guest UserSeptember 14, 2021 5 Tips to remember to keep correct tongue posture aka mewing - Koko Face Yoga Guest UserSeptember 8, 2021 Why neck and shoulder matters for asymmetrical face Guest UserSeptember 1, 2021 Fix asymmetry by adjusting jaw Guest UserAugust 28, 2021 Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 26, 2021 Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way| Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 23, 2021 Five mountain valley Guest UserAugust 14, 2021 DIY memory shape to create cupid's bow Guest UserAugust 10, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1636466400300"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Relax Butt Chin Guest UserMay 8, 2022 Eliminate double chin Guest UserMay 4, 2022 Do remove wisdom teeth if Guest UserMay 1, 2022 Don't remove wisdom teeth Guest UserApril 27, 2022 Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines Guest UserApril 26, 2022 Eliminate crow's feet Guest UserApril 22, 2022 How to whiten eyes Guest UserApril 18, 2022 Guest Article: How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles (100% Naturally!) Koko HayashiApril 14, 2022 Facial muscles vs Body muscles| Guest UserApril 8, 2022 4 Chewing muscles to relax Guest UserApril 4, 2022 Eliminate Frown Lines Guest UserMarch 30, 2022 How to relax chin tension Guest UserMarch 24, 2022 5 Bad habits to strengthen DAO Guest UserMarch 18, 2022 5 Bad habits to cause TMJ Guest UserMarch 8, 2022 5 Bad habits to cause jowls Guest UserMarch 5, 2022 Mewing Advanced Technique Guest UserMarch 1, 2022 Create Fuller Lips Guest UserFebruary 26, 2022 How to drink Guest UserFebruary 16, 2022 Fix Sunken Eyes Guest UserFebruary 9, 2022 Hair Style Tips for Asymmetrical Face Guest UserFebruary 4, 2022 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1643724000211&reversePaginate=true"}
Erase Forehead Wrinkles - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Erase forehead wrinkles Learn how to prevent or stop forehead wrinkles in this article. Forehead wrinkles are caused by overworking or slack muscles in the face. The forehead muscle is often the culprit, as it moves upwards in an up-and-down motion, connected to the eyebrow muscles. These muscles develop "muscle memory" with every movement, causing deeper wrinkles as we age.1. Lower Eyelid LiftupFirst, lift only the lower eyelid without moving anything else. This can be challenging, so check out other videos for tips. For the exercise, place your pinkies on your forehead and touch your eyebrows to feel the movement. Close your eyes and slowly open them without raising your eyebrows, then open them as big as possible without moving any other muscles. Next, slowly squint and lift up the lower eye without wrinkling your forehead. Repeat slowly, open and close. This exercise is tiring, so do it slowly and only once a day. Positive side effects include more open and defined eyes.2. Forehead MassageMassage technique that can be done during your morning or night skincare routine. Instead of constantly lifting the muscles, which can lead to loss of elasticity and tension causing sagging, try massaging downwards. This quick massage can be done every time you do your skincare routine.3. Stop doing bad facial expression habitIt's important to be aware of bad facial expression habits that can lead to wrinkles and overworked muscles. These habits can include constantly raising your eyebrows or making sudden surprised expressions. While some movement is okay, it's important not to overdo it. One common habit is touching your face, which can cause unintentional muscle movement and wrinkles. By being aware of these habits and consciously avoiding them, you can prevent further damage to your skin.If you're looking to practice our method on your own, our on-demand version with "Practice with Me" is still available. We also have exciting events coming up, such as the Face Olympics and Yoga Expo LA in January 2022. We would love to meet you in person if you are in the Southern California area. Guest UserNovember 2, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make Fuller Lips Naturally Guest UserNovember 9, 2021 Next Make face slimmer Guest UserOctober 29, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Erase Forehead Wrinkles - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/6/erase-forehead-wrinkles"}
Make face slimmer by pressing 3 points | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make face slimmer As we age, our face tends to gain weight due to an increase in body and facial fat, as well as heightened tension in certain areas. For instance, the Masseter area contains a strong muscle that becomes even more robust with stress and aging, leading to muscle bulk up and stiffness. Consequently, poor blood circulation and lymphatic drainage occur, resulting in the accumulation of waste in the face, impeding its natural slimming effect. To counteract these effects, we can apply pressure to three key points, which will reduce tension and improve circulation and lymphatic drainage, resulting in a slimmer and more youthful-looking face.1. Besides the TMJFirst, identify which side of the face is bigger by lightly touching both sides. Start with the bigger side by placing two fingers in front of the ears, slightly opening the mouth, and pressing on the bone before the TMJ joint. Hold for one minute, ensuring the shoulders are relaxed and the pain is not too intense. Repeat on the smaller side. It is essential to keep the other muscles relaxed and talk during the exercise. The pressure on the pressure point will stimulate the muscles, improve blood circulation, and lymphatic drainage, leading to a slimmer face.2. Near MasseterThis is a muscle used for chewing and it can feel stiff or strong. You can locate it by sliding your jaw open and feeling for a painful spot. You can target this spot by pressing on the inside center of your face, and holding for 1 minute. It may be painful, but it should be good pain and you should relax your other muscles while doing it. You can talk or keep your mouth slightly open. After 1 minute, check your face to see if there is any change. This is called the face shield technique.3. Temple AreaThis area is connected to the vasa masseter muscle and affects the temporal area. Use two fingers to find the dent area and press the smaller dent a little higher up for one minute with your thumb. This may be painful, but it can help reduce the size of the face. Pressing these three pressure points can improve blood circulation and lymphatic drainage. The first two pressure points are located near the TMJ joint and should be pressed for one minute each. The third pressure point is in the temple area and should be pressed for one minute with your thumb. Remember to relax your body and face during the process.In summary, we discussed some facial massage techniques to help reduce facial bloating and improve blood circulation and lymphatic drainage. These techniques included massaging pressure points in the jaw and temple areas using two fingers or a thumb, pressing and releasing the pressure points for about a minute each time, and keeping the body and face relaxed throughout the process. By regularly performing these techniques, one can achieve a slimmer face shape and better overall facial health. It's important to note that while these techniques can provide temporary results, maintaining a healthy diet and lifestyle is crucial for long-term facial health. Guest UserOctober 29, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Erase forehead wrinkles Guest UserNovember 2, 2021 Next Eliminate Laugh Lines Guest UserOctober 26, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make face slimmer by pressing 3 points | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/6/make-face-slimmer"}
Side Effects From Wearing Night Guard | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Side effects from wearing night guard Side Effects From Wearing Night GuardI want to discuss the potential side effects of wearing a night guard. As I'm not a medical professional, I may not have all the information. Please feel free to correct me in the comments section if you have any additional knowledge.1.Saggy philtrum and wrinkleI want to highlight a potential side effect of wearing a night guard for too long. Over time, the skin can become stretched out and cause the philtrum area and mouth to protrude. This happens because the night guard is worn for eight hours every night, for a long period. When the guard is removed, the stretched-out skin can sag or cause wrinkles. I used a night guard over 10 years ago, and although it was uncomfortable, I got used to it. However, I felt a strange sensation, and I'm not sure if my philtrum became longer because of it. I have also heard similar feedback from clients who wear night guards. It's not recommended to wear them for an extended period, and I believe they are only a short-term solution.2. Grinding One important potential side effect of wearing a night guard is that it only protects the teeth and does not address the root cause of grinding or clenching. If the purpose of wearing a night guard is to improve jaw alignment, then it may be beneficial, but if it is only for tooth protection, it is not fixing the underlying issue. Some people may continue to grind so much that they need to keep replacing their night guard, which does not solve the problem. It is important to develop good habits during the day, such as mewing, to prevent grinding at night.3. StressI've been wearing a night guard for a while now and I've noticed some negative effects. Even with a customized fit, there can be discomfort and tension around the mouth. It's not a natural position for my jaw and can even cause frowning. Plus, I've found that it makes breathing through my mouth easier, which isn't good. While it's a useful temporary solution for preventing teeth damage and jaw alignment issues, it shouldn't be relied on as a permanent fix. Instead, I recommend trying out other techniques to eliminate bad habits while sleeping, like mewing. Wearing a night guard for too long can also cause muscle clenching and stress, leading to further problems. In fact, I'm feeling a bit low-key today because I accidentally hit my nose during exercise and it's still painful.Summary:Wearing a night guard for a long time can cause a saggy philtrum and wrinkles. Night guards only protect teeth and do not address the root cause of grinding or clenching. Wearing a night guard can also cause discomfort, tension, and stress, leading to muscle clenching and further problems. It's important to develop good habits during the day and not rely on night guards as a permanent fix. Techniques like mewing can help prevent grinding at night. Guest UserOctober 21, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Laugh Lines Guest UserOctober 26, 2021 Next How to speak for less wrinkle Guest UserOctober 17, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Side Effects From Wearing Night Guard | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/10/21/night-gueard"}
Eliminate Laugh Lines - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Laugh Lines Let's discuss how to remove or prevent laugh lines, also known as smile lines or nephilivial lines. Loss of elasticity is a common cause of these lines, as when the skin lacks elasticity, wrinkles tend to form and remain. Collagen also decreases with age, so it's recommended to consume collagen supplements or powder to support healthy skin. However, as a muscle expert, I focus on the facial muscles. The skin sags because the sleeping muscle is weak, while the overworked muscle pulls the face downwards. Today, we will explore ways to address this issue.1. Nasolabial exercise using tongueFor an instant fix to erase laugh lines, use your top pointy tongue to reach the area next to your nose, where the wrinkles form. Move your tongue in a circular or wiggling motion to push out the lines from the inside out. However, this is a quick, temporary fix. For longer-lasting results, apply skincare cream with your fingers all over your face, but be careful not to stretch the skin, which can cause sagging. Instead, focus on lifting the cheeks, as this can make you look great even if you have some lines. Avoid worrying about the Nestle Avia line, which doesn't make you look old, and instead concentrate on maintaining lifted cheeks.2. Wake up sleeping muscleMoving on to a more long-term solution for wrinkles, it's important to focus on sustainable methods rather than quick fixes. By stopping bad habits that cause wrinkles, you can prevent them from forming in the first place. One way to do this is by waking up the cheek muscles, specifically the xenomaticus muscle, which can be achieved by lifting up the cheek during eating. This action stimulates the palate and activates the maxilla, leading to lifted cheek muscles and a reduction in lines. It's important to note that these exercises may cause temporary symptoms, but once the cheek muscles are strengthened, they will not cause lines. To further reduce wrinkles, it's also essential to relax and de-stress.3. Relax DAO muscleThis can be difficult since tension in this muscle is often a default setting. To start, feel the separation between the upper, middle, and lower face. Relax the depressor anguli oris muscle and use two fingers to lift the cheeks, keeping the lower face "dead" and only using the cheek muscles. This helps to avoid sagging and the formation of "nestle lines." It's important to not use the lower chin muscles when speaking, eating, or drinking. Check out videos on how to relax and train these muscles, as well as smiling and drinking techniques. The first step is to feel the tension in this muscle and find the separation between the upper and lower face.One quick, temporary fix is to use the tongue to exercise the nasolabial area to push out the lines from the inside out. For longer-lasting results, it's important to focus on sustainable methods such as waking up the cheek muscles by lifting them up during eating, which activates the maxilla and leads to lifted cheek muscles and a reduction in lines. Additionally, relaxing the depressor anguli oris muscle, using two fingers to lift the cheeks, and avoiding the use of lower chin muscles when speaking, eating, or drinking can also help reduce the appearance of wrinkles. Guest UserOctober 26, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make face slimmer Guest UserOctober 29, 2021 Next Side effects from wearing night guard Guest UserOctober 21, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Laugh Lines - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/11/26/eliminate-laugh-lines"}
Mewing Side Effects | Face Exercises | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Mewing Side Effects! Mewing refers to the correct tongue posture that you are supposed to maintain all the time. It has several benefits for both health and beauty. However, the incorrect practice of mewing can lead to side effects. Even if you are doing it correctly, there may still be some symptoms that you could experience, that you'd like to discuss. So, let's dive into this topic and learn more about it.1. Too much salivaI noticed that people doing mewing were concerned about producing too much saliva, but I didn't think much of it because saliva is good for your teeth. However, a friend of mine who has been naturally mewing since childhood also experienced excessive saliva and went to the dentist for it. The dentist said that saliva is a good thing, but it got me thinking about the issue. I sometimes feel like I'm swallowing a lot of saliva before bed, but I try not to dwell on it. Hard swallowing every time you swallow your saliva can cause tension in your neck and shoulders and may even lead to sagging skin. Instead, try doing a soft swallow where you use minimal muscle movement. If you feel like you have too much saliva, give it a try. Also, please sign the petition to help save Dr. Mew's dental license.2. Mallampati scoreI learned from Dr. Afzali that mewing can affect something called the Mallampati score, which measures the visibility of the uvula in your mouth when you open it. Mine was a level three, which is not good because it means there's some obstruction to my airway. I realized that I've been too focused on pushing my tongue up and not enough on bringing it down. It's important to have flexibility and elasticity in your tongue muscles to show your uvula completely when you open your mouth. A higher Mallampati score is linked to sleep apnea, so it's worth checking if you have any issues. Remember to focus on both up and down movements in mewing.3. Asymmetrical mewing.Essentially, it's when one side of your tongue has more weight than the other, causing your face to appear asymmetrical. This can be fixed with the correct mewing technique. In summary, there are three possible side effects from mewing: excessive saliva, Mallampati score, and asymmetrical mewing. It's important to do mewing correctly to avoid these issues. Remember to practice a soft swallow and not just focus on bringing the tongue up, but also down for a symmetrical face.Summary:If you're interested in more exercises, check out our Face Yoga app for a free download and try out our asymmetry face analysis on iPhone (not Android yet). Also, if you want to teach the Koko Face Yoga method, check out our website for the live stream date launch next year. You can choose between an on-demand or live-stream version. Guest UserSeptember 30, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous TMJ Adjustment Part 2 to stop clicking sound Guest UserOctober 4, 2021 Next Asymmetrical mewing Guest UserSeptember 26, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Mewing Side Effects | Face Exercises | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/28/mewing"}
How To Speak For Less Wrinkle | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to speak for less wrinkle Today, I want to share some tips on how to use your facial muscles better when speaking. This isn't about voice training or sounding better, it's about reducing wrinkles and sagging for a youthful look. It's part of my face posture series, where I share tips on how to eat, drink, yawn, and more. So, let's dive into the three tips for better speaking.1. Do not show lower teethI used to show too much of my lower teeth when I talked in my old videos, which can cause saggy cheeks and nasolabial folds. It's important to avoid this by not using the mentalis muscle too much, but it's hard to break the habit. To help, try placing a finger on your chin and talking without thinking about showing lower teeth. Practice showing only upper teeth and avoiding excessive chin movement. You can also try tongue exercises while avoiding moving your mouth too much. It's difficult to avoid moving your mouth completely, but you can try to create sounds inside your mouth, like a ventriloquist.2. E soundLet's talk about the importance of the E sound. Many people tend to overuse the muscles in their face when saying E. This can lead to tension and wrinkles. Instead, focus on saying E with minimal movement in your facial muscles. This is not necessarily the correct way to pronounce E, but it can help with anti-aging. If you have suggestions for voice training or singing, please share them. Additionally, we should also focus on the Ah sound and the Mallampati score, which measures how much the uvula shows when saying Ah. I am studying ways to train this and will keep you updated. For now, try dropping your jaw and tongue and mewing in front of a mirror.3. Asymmetrical speakingHey guys, today I want to talk to you about asymmetrical speaking. With the pandemic and more people using Zoom, we've become more conscious of how we speak on camera. Asymmetrical speaking is when you speak and one side of your face looks different than the other. We all do it, but it's best not to do it too much. To find out which side is more saggy, look in the mirror and talk. In my case, my left side is more saggy, so I do the SCM stretch to help. Also, you want to avoid using neck muscles when you talk, and the way to do this is by practicing ab breathing. Remember, we breathe over 20,000 times a day, so it's essential to breathe in a better way to reduce tension and asymmetry.Summary:To prevent facial sagging, it's crucial to practice proper breathing techniques like ab breathing. You can find more exercises on our face yoga app and try the asymmetrical analysis for free on iPhone. We're also excited to announce that we'll be live streaming our Koko Face Yoga method starting in January and February of next year. If you're interested in teaching it, check out our website kokofaceyoga.com for a great discount in October only. Thanks for watching, and see you in the next video! Guest UserOctober 17, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Side effects from wearing night guard Guest UserOctober 21, 2021 Next 10 face exercises to fix asymmetrical face Guest UserOctober 13, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Speak For Less Wrinkle | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/10/16/tongue"}
TMJ Adjustment Part 2 To Stop Clicking Sound, Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account TMJ Adjustment Part 2 to stop clicking sound In our recent video, we discussed a technique to improve facial symmetry and address clicking sounds when dropping the jaw. Many viewers reported experiencing this issue, which can indicate a problem with the jaw movement and the related components. Factors such as asymmetrical face and body posture, eating habits, and other reasons may contribute to this imbalance. By following exercises and habits like the 50 52 method and back sleeping, you can potentially improve this condition. Additionally, there is a helpful pressing exercise that was previously mentioned. Today, we're presenting part two of the technique to address individual variations and provide more options for improvement. As I cannot assess your specific condition, I encourage you to explore both parts and find what works best for you.Let's proceed with the exercise. When dropping your jaw, focus on a slight forward movement rather than a wide opening. This helps the cushion in the jaw to stay in place, reducing the likelihood of pain or clicking sounds. Now, let's move on to the next exercise. Place two fingers in front of your ears and gently press as you drop your jaw. Notice if one side moves more than the other and try to minimize the difference. This time, we're focusing on a slight inward movement while applying gentle pressure to correct any imbalance. Perform this exercise for a few repetitions, around five to ten, without causing any pain or fatigue. Take it slow and be mindful of your movements. Note that if the cushion in your jaw is thin or broken, this exercise may not be effective. In such cases, a balanced diet and collagen intake can help improve the condition. Avoid excessive jaw movements like opening your mouth too wide, except for dental procedures. For more information, refer to our How to Eat and How to Sleep videos. Remember, it's not just one exercise, but a combination of factors that contribute to overall improvement.SummaryIn conclusion, it is important to proceed with the exercises in a mindful and controlled manner. When dropping your jaw, focus on a slight forward movement rather than a wide opening to maintain the cushion in the jaw and prevent pain or clicking sounds. The next exercise involves placing two fingers in front of your ears and gently pressing as you drop your jaw, aiming to minimize any imbalance in movement. Perform this exercise for a few repetitions without causing pain or fatigue. Keep in mind that if the cushion in your jaw is damaged, this exercise may not be effective, and you may need to consider a balanced diet and collagen intake to improve the condition. Avoid excessive jaw movements, except when necessary for dental procedures. For more information, you can refer to our How to Eat and How to Sleep videos. Remember, overall improvement comes from a combination of factors, so be consistent and patient in your approach. Guest UserOctober 4, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face Guest UserOctober 8, 2021 Next Mewing Side Effects! Guest UserSeptember 30, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "TMJ Adjustment Part 2 To Stop Clicking Sound, Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/10/3/tmj-adjustment-part-2-to-stop-clicking-sound"}
10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face – Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face I am here to share with you a set of 10 facial exercises that can help you achieve a more symmetrical face. Facial symmetry is often considered a sign of attractiveness, and these exercises can assist in improving the balance and proportion of your facial features.1. Side neckAs we commence with the first exercise, I would like to advise you that if you are currently experiencing neck pain, it is best to refrain from this exercise or proceed with caution. It is common for one side of the face to be tighter or looser than the other. In such cases, we suggest beginning with the tighter side and avoiding any abrupt or forceful movements. Instead, gradually and gently apply pressure to the area. Hold this position for five seconds, and then switch to the other side for an equal duration. Finally, complete the exercise by returning to the tighter side for another five seconds of gentle stretching. Remember to listen to your body and avoid overexertion.2. SCMSternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle. First, identify which side is stronger for you. In my case, it's this one. Once you have identified the stronger side, tilt your head at a 45-degree angle and look upwards while performing a big stretch. Stick out your tongue and close your eyes if you wish to do so. Then, relax your muscles for five seconds before slowly returning to your starting position.Repeat this exercise by tilting your head at a 45-degree angle, looking up, and stretching while sticking out your tongue. Remember to focus on the tighter side and perform the exercise in a slow and controlled manner. Once you have completed the exercise on the tighter side, gently release any tension in your neck before moving on to the next exercise.3.MasseterThe masseter muscle is a powerful muscle located in the jaw that is responsible for chewing and biting. It connects the cheekbone to the lower jawbone and plays a vital role in the movement of the jaw during mastication. Overuse or tension in the masseter muscle can lead to conditions such as bruxism (teeth grinding) and temporomandibular joint (TMJ) disorder.4. DAOThe depressor anguli oris is a muscle located in the lower part of the face. It originates from the mandible (jawbone) and inserts into the corner of the mouth. The main function of this muscle is to pull down the corner of the mouth, causing a downward or sad expression. It is also involved in certain facial expressions such as frowning, pouting, and scowling. Dysfunction or weakness in the depressor anguli oris can result in facial asymmetry or difficulty in producing certain facial expressions.5. RisoriousThe risorius is a thin, narrow muscle located in the cheek area of the face. It originates from the fascia surrounding the masseter muscle and inserts into the corner of the mouth. The primary function of this muscle is to pull the corner of the mouth laterally, which can create a smile-like expression. The risorius muscle is activated when laughing or smiling and is involved in expressing happiness or joy. Dysfunction or weakness in the risorius muscle can result in difficulty in producing certain facial expressions, particularly those involving smiling or laughing.6. ZygomaticusThe zygomaticus is a facial muscle that originates from the cheekbone (zygomatic bone) and extends to the corner of the mouth. There are two zygomaticus muscles on each side of the face, and their primary function is to lift and retract the corner of the mouth, creating a smile. These muscles are activated when laughing or expressing happiness, and they play a crucial role in nonverbal communication. Dysfunction or weakness in the zygomaticus muscles can result in difficulty in producing a smile or facial expressions involving the mouth.7. LAOThe levator anguli oris muscle is a facial muscle that originates from the maxilla bone in the upper jaw and inserts into the corner of the mouth. The primary function of this muscle is to lift the corner of the mouth, creating a smile-like expression. The levator anguli oris muscle is activated when laughing, smiling, or expressing happiness and plays an essential role in nonverbal communication. Dysfunction or weakness in the levator anguli oris muscle can result in difficulty in producing certain facial expressions or an asymmetrical smile.8. MalarisThe malaris muscle is a small facial muscle located in the cheek area. It is sometimes also called the zygomaticus minor muscle, as it is located near the zygomatic bone. The malaris muscle originates from the zygomatic bone and inserts into the skin around the corner of the mouth. Its function is to elevate the upper lip and pull the corner of the mouth upward, producing a smile-like expression. The malaris muscle is activated when laughing or expressing happiness and plays a role in nonverbal communication.9. Obercularis OrisThe orbicularis oris muscle is a circular muscle that surrounds the mouth and is responsible for closing and protruding the lips. It is one of the primary muscles involved in facial expression and plays an important role in speech and eating. The orbicularis oris muscle is composed of several muscle fibers that originate from the maxilla bone in the upper jaw and the mandible bone in the lower jaw, and they insert into the skin around the mouth.10. FrontalisThe frontalis muscle is a thin, broad muscle located in the forehead region of the face. It originates from the galea aponeurotica, which is a tough fibrous sheet of tissue covering the top of the skull, and inserts into the skin of the eyebrows and upper eyelids. The frontalis muscle is responsible for elevating the eyebrows and creating horizontal wrinkles across the forehead when contracting. Guest UserOctober 8, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 10 face exercises to fix asymmetrical face Guest UserOctober 13, 2021 Next TMJ Adjustment Part 2 to stop clicking sound Guest UserOctober 4, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face – Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/10/8/10-face-exercises-for-symmetrical-face"}
10 Face Exercises to Fix Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 10 face exercises to fix asymmetrical face I am here to share with you a set of 10 facial exercises that can help you achieve a more symmetrical face. Facial symmetry is often considered a sign of attractiveness, and these exercises can assist in improving the balance and proportion of your facial features.1. Side neckAs we commence with the first exercise, I would like to advise you that if you are currently experiencing neck pain, it is best to refrain from this exercise or proceed with caution. It is common for one side of the face to be tighter or looser than the other. In such cases, we suggest beginning with the tighter side and avoiding any abrupt or forceful movements. Instead, gradually and gently apply pressure to the area. Hold this position for five seconds, and then switch to the other side for an equal duration. Finally, complete the exercise by returning to the tighter side for another five seconds of gentle stretching. Remember to listen to your body and avoid overexertion.2. SCMSternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle. First, identify which side is stronger for you. In my case, it's this one. Once you have identified the stronger side, tilt your head at a 45-degree angle and look upwards while performing a big stretch. Stick out your tongue and close your eyes if you wish to do so. Then, relax your muscles for five seconds before slowly returning to your starting position.Repeat this exercise by tilting your head at a 45-degree angle, looking up, and stretching while sticking out your tongue. Remember to focus on the tighter side and perform the exercise in a slow and controlled manner. Once you have completed the exercise on the tighter side, gently release any tension in your neck before moving on to the next exercise.3.MasseterThe masseter muscle is a powerful muscle located in the jaw that is responsible for chewing and biting. It connects the cheekbone to the lower jawbone and plays a vital role in the movement of the jaw during mastication. Overuse or tension in the masseter muscle can lead to conditions such as bruxism (teeth grinding) and temporomandibular joint (TMJ) disorder.4. DAOThe depressor anguli oris is a muscle located in the lower part of the face. It originates from the mandible (jawbone) and inserts into the corner of the mouth. The main function of this muscle is to pull down the corner of the mouth, causing a downward or sad expression. It is also involved in certain facial expressions such as frowning, pouting, and scowling. Dysfunction or weakness in the depressor anguli oris can result in facial asymmetry or difficulty in producing certain facial expressions.5. RisoriousThe risorius is a thin, narrow muscle located in the cheek area of the face. It originates from the fascia surrounding the masseter muscle and inserts into the corner of the mouth. The primary function of this muscle is to pull the corner of the mouth laterally, which can create a smile-like expression. The risorius muscle is activated when laughing or smiling and is involved in expressing happiness or joy. Dysfunction or weakness in the risorius muscle can result in difficulty in producing certain facial expressions, particularly those involving smiling or laughing.6. ZygomaticusThe zygomaticus is a facial muscle that originates from the cheekbone (zygomatic bone) and extends to the corner of the mouth. There are two zygomaticus muscles on each side of the face, and their primary function is to lift and retract the corner of the mouth, creating a smile. These muscles are activated when laughing or expressing happiness, and they play a crucial role in nonverbal communication. Dysfunction or weakness in the zygomaticus muscles can result in difficulty in producing a smile or facial expressions involving the mouth.7. LAOThe levator anguli oris muscle is a facial muscle that originates from the maxilla bone in the upper jaw and inserts into the corner of the mouth. The primary function of this muscle is to lift the corner of the mouth, creating a smile-like expression. The levator anguli oris muscle is activated when laughing, smiling, or expressing happiness and plays an essential role in nonverbal communication. Dysfunction or weakness in the levator anguli oris muscle can result in difficulty in producing certain facial expressions or an asymmetrical smile.8. MalarisThe malaris muscle is a small facial muscle located in the cheek area. It is sometimes also called the zygomaticus minor muscle, as it is located near the zygomatic bone. The malaris muscle originates from the zygomatic bone and inserts into the skin around the corner of the mouth. Its function is to elevate the upper lip and pull the corner of the mouth upward, producing a smile-like expression. The malaris muscle is activated when laughing or expressing happiness and plays a role in nonverbal communication.9. Obercularis OrisThe orbicularis oris muscle is a circular muscle that surrounds the mouth and is responsible for closing and protruding the lips. It is one of the primary muscles involved in facial expression and plays an important role in speech and eating. The orbicularis oris muscle is composed of several muscle fibers that originate from the maxilla bone in the upper jaw and the mandible bone in the lower jaw, and they insert into the skin around the mouth.10. FrontalisThe frontalis muscle is a thin, broad muscle located in the forehead region of the face. It originates from the galea aponeurotica, which is a tough fibrous sheet of tissue covering the top of the skull, and inserts into the skin of the eyebrows and upper eyelids. The frontalis muscle is responsible for elevating the eyebrows and creating horizontal wrinkles across the forehead when contracting. Guest UserOctober 13, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to speak for less wrinkle Guest UserOctober 17, 2021 Next 10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face Guest UserOctober 8, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "10 Face Exercises to Fix Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/10/12/10-face-exercises-to-fix-asymmetrical-face"}
5 Tips to Remember to Keep Correct Tongue Posture aka Mewing Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips to remember to keep correct tongue posture aka mewing - Koko Face Yoga Today, I want to share some tips on how to remember to keep mewing. If you're not sure what mewing is, be sure to check out our mewing 101 first. The challenge with mewing is not how to do it, but how to remember to do it consistently. So, I have five tips to help you remember to keep mewing.1. Place Mr. Mew photo on your phone screen So, I have a great tip to share with you all on how to remember to keep mewing. Firstly, you can try putting Dr. Mew's face on your phone screen or download our Koko Face Yoga app and put it on your home screen. This way, every time you look at your phone, you'll be reminded to keep mewing.2. Set a Reminder on your phoneOne of my tips is to set a reminder on your phone to mew tongue posture. You can choose a time or a specific word as your reminder, and it will help you remember to keep practicing 3. Myospot TabletThese tiny tablets come in strawberry, banana, and blueberry flavors and stick to the roof of your mouth with saliva. Unlike chewing gum, they don't easily drop or pose a choking hazard. They dissolve in about 45 minutes, and using them twice a day for six weeks can help you develop the habit of tongue elevation. Dr. Derek Mahony and even Dr. Mew's friend recommend them. 4. DrinkingDrinking is a way to reset your tongue posture. Whenever you take a sip, make sure you're doing it correctly. If you're not sure how to check out my "How to drink" video.5. Check around people's facesIt is important to observe people's facial expressions and pay attention to their mouth movements, especially if they are walking or in close proximity to you. This should become a habit to improve your expertise. By doing so, you can identify those who exhibit negative habits, such as mouth breathing, and use them as examples of what not to do. This approach is not intended to be negative, but rather a way to learn from the mistakes of others and improve your own practices.Summary:To consistently practice mewing, there are five helpful tips to remember. Firstly, place a photo of Dr. Mew on your phone screen or use the Koko Face Yoga app. Secondly, set a reminder on your phone to mew tongue posture. Thirdly, try using Myospot tablets twice a day for six weeks to develop the habit of tongue elevation. Fourthly, drinking can be a way to reset your tongue posture, and you can learn how to do it correctly by watching a video. Lastly, observing people's facial expressions and mouth movements can help you identify negative habits and learn from them to improve your own practices. By using these tips, you can stay on track with mewing and achieve better results. Guest UserSeptember 8, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Asymmetrical face analysis Guest UserSeptember 14, 2021 Next Why neck and shoulder matters for asymmetrical face Guest UserSeptember 1, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips to Remember to Keep Correct Tongue Posture aka Mewing", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/7/myospots"}
Asymmetrical Face Analysis | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical face analysis I'm doing my first asymmetrical face analysis, and I'm excited to work with this beautiful girl who applied for this opportunity. Her main concern is a slightly upturned left nostril and asymmetrical eyes, which are more noticeable when she smiles. Her resting face appears relatively symmetrical, but her smile reveals more asymmetry, especially on the left side, which appears more active. So, let's go through three exercises and tips that can help her achieve a more symmetrical smile. And if you're interested in applying for this opportunity, don't forget to send some smiling photos as well!1. Relax the cheek muscle First, let's address the cheek muscle on the left side, which is the main contributor to her nostril concern. To relax this muscle, use your fingers or knuckles to apply gentle pressure on the outer side of the overactive left cheek muscle. Avoid stretching the skin and instead move in a zigzag pattern or hook and lift motion. My favorite method is to reduce mid-cheek lines and feels the most effective. Remember not to cause friction during the massage, and you can perform this exercise for a few minutes daily.2. Nose ExerciseWe're going to focus on the left nostril which is slightly elevated. Hold it gently and move it downwards. You can do this on both sides, but for her case, we'll focus on the overactive left side. Do this gently, just a few times, to avoid inflammation or stretching the thin skin around the eyes.3. Body PostureImproving your face posture is key to addressing asymmetry. This includes your body posture, face posture, eating posture, mewing posture, tongue posture, and all kinds of posture. It's important to relax overactive muscles in the face, such as the levator labi superiorios alaeque nasi, on the affected side. Regular massages can help, but it's necessary to maintain good posture consistently to see lasting results. Pay attention to your body posture by keeping your weight balanced evenly on both feet and sitting with your head aligned with your spine and your seat bones evenly on the chair. Another important factor is chewing evenly on both sides of your mouth to ensure a symmetrical jawline. ISummary:I'm excited to conduct my first asymmetrical face analysis and I'm working with a girl who has applied for this opportunity. She's concerned about her slightly upturned left nostril and asymmetrical eyes, which become more noticeable when she smiles. After analyzing her face, we've found that her resting face appears relatively symmetrical, but her smile reveals more asymmetry on the left side. To help her achieve a more symmetrical smile, I've created three exercises and tips. Firstly, we'll address the overactive left cheek muscle, which is the main cause of her nostril concern. Secondly, we'll focus on the slightly elevated left nostril by gently holding and moving it downwards. Lastly, improving overall face posture is crucial to addressing asymmetry, including body posture, face posture, and tongue posture. Guest UserSeptember 14, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 plastic surgeries that you should think twice Guest UserSeptember 18, 2021 Next 5 Tips to remember to keep correct tongue posture aka mewing - Koko Face Yoga Guest UserSeptember 8, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical Face Analysis | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/11/asymmetrical-face-analysis"}
3 Plastic Surgeries That You might regret | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 plastic surgeries that you should think twice Today, I will talk about three plastic surgeries that you should think twice about, even if you've already had them. This information is important for you to know.#1 Eyebag Removal The first surgery involves removing fat from the area around the eyes. This may give good results initially, but in the long term, it can cause hollowing on the upper eyelid, as the fat is essential for a youthful appearance. The removal of this fat may be a temporary solution, but it can lead to regret later on. It is essential to consider natural solutions like face yoga, and other options like Botox or fillers, which may not be suitable for everyone. While some people's faces may not change significantly, my face shows changes quickly when I gain or lose weight due to the distribution of fat in my face.#2 Jaw SurgeryPaula presents with a jaw misalignment and her orthodontist has recommended jaw surgery as a solution. However, it is crucial to address the root cause of the problem, such as bad habits or tongue pressure, as surgery alone may not provide a permanent solution. In fact, surgery may lead to further complications if the underlying cause is not addressed. Additionally, even if surgery has been performed, maintaining good tongue and body posture is essential to ensure the long-term effectiveness of the treatment.#3 Wisdom Tooth RemovalWhen considering orthodontic treatments that involve the facial bones, such as wisdom teeth extraction, it's important to seek multiple opinions rather than relying solely on one dentist's recommendation. Dental procedures can have lasting effects on appearance, so thorough research and consideration of potential outcomes is necessary. Many dentists prioritize fixing teeth without considering the broader impact on facial structures. Even after surgery, maintaining good tongue posture and body posture is crucial for preserving results. Plastic surgery should only be considered as a last resort for orthodontic treatment or eye surgery.Summary:In conclusion, while there are surgical options available for addressing aesthetic concerns such as eye bags and jaw misalignments, it is important to carefully consider the potential long-term effects before proceeding with any procedure. Natural solutions like face yoga, Botox, and fillers may be worth exploring as alternative options. When it comes to orthodontic treatments involving facial bones, seeking multiple opinions is essential, and maintaining good posture is crucial for preserving results. Plastic surgery should only be considered as a last resort. Ultimately, the decision to undergo any cosmetic or orthodontic procedure should be made after thorough research and consideration of potential outcomes. Guest UserSeptember 18, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reset TMJ Guest UserSeptember 22, 2021 Next Asymmetrical face analysis Guest UserSeptember 14, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Plastic Surgeries That You might regret | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/18/3-plastic-surgeries-that-you-should-think-twice"}
Reset TMJ to Fix Asymmetrical Face - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Reset TMJ Today's topic is all about improving the symmetry of your face by resetting your TMJ (temporomandibular joint). Our daily activities such as eating, talking, and drinking can lead to asymmetry in our face, but there are ways to minimize it. So let's dive into how to reset your TMJ for a more symmetrical appearance. The most crucial factor for a symmetrical face is the TMJ joint, responsible for the movement of the jaw. Note that TMJ is not the same as TMJ pain; everyone has it, but not everyone experiences pain. When we eat, we do not move our jaws, in the same way, each time, and it may appear as we do, but it's not the case. If one side is dominant, we tend to move our jaw like this, like this, although it's difficult to describe accurately.1. Check and identify which side has a bigger bumpTo minimize asymmetry in our face caused by eating, we need to practice eating with both sides of our mouth equally. If you haven't watched our video on how to eat, I recommend you check it out. Once you understand the concept of eating 50/50, let's move on to the next step. To start, use two fingers to feel for the temporomandibular joint (TMJ) in front of your ear. Gently move your jaw side to side and feel for any bumps or movement in the joint. Be sure to do this slowly, as you may not feel anything if you move too quickly.2. Press in the bumpy side You already know which side has the bigger bump, right? So, this time, you're going to press in when you drop your jaw to prevent that bump from moving out too much. You can use your two fingers and move them around to find the exact point where you feel the big bone coming out.Summary To achieve a symmetrical face, we must pay attention to the temporomandibular joint (TMJ), which contributes to facial symmetry. It's crucial to eat with both sides of our mouth equally, as we tend to move our jaws dominantly, leading to asymmetry. Using two fingers to identify the TMJ, we should move our jaw slowly from side to side to feel any bumps or movement. Once we identify the dominant side, we can press in on the bumpy side when dropping our jaw to prevent it from moving out too much. Practicing consistent effort with these steps can lead to significant improvements in facial symmetry. Guest UserSeptember 22, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Asymmetrical mewing Guest UserSeptember 26, 2021 Next 3 plastic surgeries that you should think twice Guest UserSeptember 18, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reset TMJ to Fix Asymmetrical Face - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/20/reset-tmj"}
Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting | Koko Face Yoga I want to discuss how to fix an asymmetrical nose by adjusting the cheeks. An asymmetrical nose refers to differences in nostril size, shape, or position. This can be due to muscle and bone structures around the nose. Cheek muscles, specifically the dominant and non-dominant sides, can also affect the appearance of the nose. Balancing the cheek muscles can improve the symmetry of the nose and affect other facial features such as the eyebrows and eyes. If you notice that your glasses sit unevenly on your face, it may be due to asymmetrical cheeks that need to be balanced.1.Cheek assesmentTo fix an asymmetrical nose, adjusting the cheeks is important. The asymmetry in the nose can be caused by differences in the size or shape of the nostrils or the bone structure around the nose. It's important to pay attention to the dominant and non-dominant sides of the cheeks as well, as this can also affect the symmetry of the nose. For example, if one cheek is lifting up too much when smiling, it can cause one nostril to appear higher than the other. Balancing the muscles and bone structure in the cheeks can help improve the symmetry of the nose and also affect the eyebrows and eyes. When wearing glasses, if one cheek appears higher than the other, it could be a sign of asymmetrical cheeks that need to be balanced. By improving the balance of the cheek muscles, it can have a positive impact on the overall appearance of the face.2. Cheek massageFirst, let's determine which side of the peak is higher or bigger. We want to relax the bigger side muscle, so start with a small massage, avoiding wrinkles. Try touching gently, maybe like this. Then, remember which side is one and two. Next, intentionally mix it up and reverse the order when you smile. Start with one, then two, one two, and so on until ten. Take it slow and focus on feeling the difference. 3. Smile lift up slowlyTry to lift both cheeks while smiling with your tongue up. Watch a video to learn what mewing is if you don't know. Keep your shoulders down and press the outer side of your cheeks slightly with your elbows on a desk. Breathe deeply and press gently while inhaling. Don't press too hard.4. Smile lift up faster To improve facial symmetry, it's important to program the movement in our inner face and brain. Regular smiling is faster and more natural, so try to lift both cheeks as much as possible with your tongue up. First, assess which cheek is stronger and which comes out first. Then, massage the stronger cheek and do tiny movements. Next, do the exercise by lifting both cheeks simultaneously. Finally, do the exercise faster. These exercises work best when sitting up straight and not crossing your legs. It's important to understand the situation before trying to improve facial symmetry. Check out our Facebook app for more exercises and try our free asymmetry analysis digital test.SummaryImproving the balance of the cheeks is crucial in correcting the symmetry of the nose and overall appearance of the face. Cheek massages and smile lifting exercises can help to balance the muscles and bone structure of the cheeks, and enhance facial symmetry. It's important to assess which side of the cheek is bigger or higher, and focus on relaxing the bigger side muscle. By practicing these exercises regularly, we can program the movement in our inner face and brain, and improve our facial symmetry. Guest UserAugust 26, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetry by adjusting jaw Guest UserAugust 28, 2021 Next Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way| Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 23, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/8/17/fix-nose-asymmetry-by-adjusting"}
Asymmetrical Mewing | Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical mewing There are two types of asymmetrical mewing. Type one involves the tongue being tilted towards one side, with more pressure on that side. Type two appears symmetrical but has more pressure on one side. Almost everyone does some form of asymmetrical mewing, but we want to minimize it to improve facial symmetry.Determine the problem1. Tongue touching the other sideDetermine which side of the tongue is dominant. To do this, observe which side you chew more on, as this indicates the stronger side of the tongue. Alternatively, use a mirror to check for asymmetry or touch the masseter muscles to feel for which side is stronger. Relax your facial muscles, close your mouth, and focus on the tongue posture to determine the dominant side. You can also swallow saliva to feel which side you use more.2. Unbalance tongue pressureIntentionally make the less dominant side of the tongue more asymmetrical. In the example given, the dominant side is identified, and the less dominant side should be tilted slightly to increase the weight on that side. This can be achieved by intentionally tilting the tongue or using saliva swallowing.Solution part1. Find out which side is dominantI know it can be difficult to grasp, but once you understand which side of your tongue is dominant, the rest should make sense. First, determine which side of your tongue is stronger. In my case, it's this side. Then, intentionally tilt the tongue towards the non-dominant side, and swallow slowly to bring it back to the center.2. Try to balance the tongue pressureIntentionally tilting the tongue towards the non-dominant side with more weight and pressure, and gradually balancing the tongue pressure by consciously maintaining a centered tongue posture during slow saliva swallowing can help in achieving an asymmetrical and balanced tongue, as explained in the above messages.Summary: The concept of asymmetrical mewing involves the tongue being tilted towards one side or having more pressure on one side, which can lead to facial asymmetry. To minimize asymmetrical mewing, it is important to determine which side of the tongue is dominant and intentionally balance the tongue pressure by tilting the tongue towards the less dominant side and gradually bringing it back to the center through slow saliva swallowing. This can improve facial symmetry over time. Guest UserSeptember 26, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Mewing Side Effects! Guest UserSeptember 30, 2021 Next Reset TMJ Guest UserSeptember 22, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical Mewing | Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/23/asymmetrical-mewing"}
Five Mountain Valley - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Five mountain valley Today, I'm going to discuss the importance of having five mountain valleys on your face. Specifically, I want to focus on the sagging of excess skin and why having a valley to store it is essential. When the skin has nowhere to be stored, it sags, and this is why having a mountain and valley is crucial. So, let's dive in and explore the five mountain valleys you should have on your face.1. Double eyelidThe first mountain valley is the double eyelid or a slight curve in the eye area, even for those with monolids. The curve creates a space to store excess skin and fat, preventing sagging. This is especially important for the valley part. Without it, the skin has nowhere to be stored and will sag.2. Aegyo-salThis is a Korean term for the little puffy area beneath your lower eyelid that makes you look younger and more awake. In Japanese, we call it a tear bag or tear through bag. It's important to have this mountain and valley on your face because it makes your eye area more defined and awake. By activating the muscle in this area, your entire eye muscle is activated, giving you a lifted and more defined look. Plus, if you have a strong aegyo-sal, it can come up to fill the hollow on your upper eyelid, making your eye look even better. To get aegyo-sal, try doing some lower eyelid exercises. Just lift your lower eyelid up and down, without moving any other area.3. CheeksCheeks act like mountain valleys and we all want to have them, right? When cheeks are lifted up, everything looks more defined and people tend to pay attention to this area more during a first impression. To achieve this look, check out our video on cheek squats which will help you to strengthen your cheek muscles and achieve fuller and higher cheekbones.4. Duck lipThe duck lip is often done wrong, as people tend to engage their chin muscle which causes sagging and tension. Instead, focus on activating the upper lip and try the philtrum exercise for the best results. As for the cupid's bow, it's important to have this natural valley because it allows excess skin to fold and be stored properly, preventing the appearance of lines and elongation. 5. Cupid’s bowI used to have a prominent Cupid's bow, which is why I'm interested in the Cupid's bow method. With a Cupid's bow, excess skin is stored in the valley, preventing lines. Without it, skin becomes flat and lines form. It's important to have a Cupid's bow.Summary: Having five mountain valleys on your face is important to prevent excess skin and sagging. These valleys include the double eyelid, aegyo-sal, cheeks, duck lip, and Cupid's bow. Each mountain and valley plays a role in creating a defined and lifted appearance, and specific exercises can be done to strengthen these areas. Without a valley to store excess skin, it will sag and lines will form. Therefore, it's important to have these natural valleys to maintain a youthful appearance. Guest UserAugust 14, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way| Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 23, 2021 Next DIY memory shape to create cupid's bow Guest UserAugust 10, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Five Mountain Valley - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/8/13/five-mountain-valley"}
Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way| Koko Face Yoga In today's video, we'll discuss the "asymmetrical face solution" and three new steps to incorporate into your arm routine. This is an update to my previous video on yarn, which was part of the face posture series from last year.#1 Put fingers between two eyes when yawningIn preventing wrinkles is to identify which muscles you're using when you yarn. Use a mirror to check and then place a finger on the area to prevent tension and wrinkles. This should be done every time you yarn, regardless of how often it happens. This technique can also help prevent unsightly facial expressions. This is the same step as last year's version, but more steps will be introduced.#2 Smile up to activate cheek muscleLet's move on to the jaw. Yawning can cause the jaw to drop, which can lead to dominant and non-dominant sides of the temporal Imeter joint (TMJ). It's important to minimize this by avoiding excessive dropping of the jaw. Using a finger to support the jaw can also help. Dropping the jaw too much can lead to clicking sounds and damage to the TMJ. Instead of dropping the jaw downward when yawning, try to yawn upward and use your finger to support the jaw. This can also help reduce tension in the overworking muscles and activate sleeping muscles.#3 Mouth ExerciseStep three is crucial, and it only takes a few reps. Adjust the dominant side of your TMJ joint by doing a quick motion on the tighter side. This will help reduce asymmetry caused by repetitive chewing. You can do this after eating or every time you yawn. Remember to touch around your mouth to prevent lines and smile to activate cheek muscles and reduce tension. If you're concerned about facial asymmetry, know that it's impossible to have perfect symmetry due to the natural asymmetry of the TMJ joint. Don't worry about doing the bigger side more; focus on the tighter side. Summary:To prevent wrinkles when yawning, place your fingers between your two eyes, and every time you yawn, touch around your mouth to prevent lines and smile to activate cheek muscles and reduce tension. Avoid dropping your jaw too much when yawning and instead, use a finger to support it. To minimize asymmetry caused by repetitive chewing, adjust the dominant side of your TMJ joint by doing a quick motion on the tighter side. Remember that it's impossible to have perfect facial symmetry due to the natural asymmetry of the TMJ joint. Thank you for watching, and stay tuned for more tips on maintaining a healthy and youthful face. Guest UserAugust 23, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 26, 2021 Next Five mountain valley Guest UserAugust 14, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/8/23/fix-asymmetrical-face-by-yawning-in-a-new-way"}
DIY Memory Shape to Create Cupid's Bow - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account DIY memory shape to create cupid's bow The method involves using medical grade tape and skin glue to create the shape of a Cupid's bow on the lips. Apply the tape and glue before bed, holding it in place to create the desired shape. It's important to use clear glue and not speak or laugh while the tape is on. Leave it on overnight to allow the skin and muscles to remember the shape. Give it a try and let me know if it works for you!If you have a monolid, you may have tried a tool to physically create a double eyelid. You need to use it every day to get a natural shape and remember the shape. Similarly, with this method, you need to repeat it daily to see results. I haven't tested it enough, but I feel good about it. Quick tip on the tape method: avoid pushing down, as it can elongate the filter. Instead, lift up vertically for better results. Also, check out a great comment from rs on achieving fuller lips by positioning them in a fuller position. Remember not to push down, as it may stretch the filter. Try using only the glue part of the tape if it's too hard.Summary:Overall, these techniques can enhance the appearance of lips and create a more defined Cupid's bow. Using tape and clear glue before bed can shape the lips, and maintaining good posture is crucial. Tips for fuller lips and eyelids can also be helpful. Be patient and consistent when using these methods and share your feedback on their effectiveness. Guest UserAugust 10, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Five mountain valley Guest UserAugust 14, 2021 Next Make fuller lips Guest UserAugust 6, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "DIY Memory Shape to Create Cupid's Bow - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/8/9/diy-memory-shape-to-create-cupids-bow"}
Why Neck & Shoulder Matters For Asymmetrical Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why neck and shoulder matters for asymmetrical face Today, I'll discuss how an asymmetrical neck and shoulder can affect the appearance of an asymmetrical face and ways to address it. Let's start by exploring why this is important.#1 Stop Doing Bad Body PostureLet's focus on improving our body posture and habits. Avoid constantly crossing your legs, but if you must, alternate every 10 minutes. Vary your sleeping positions, with back sleeping being ideal. Aim for a balanced 50-50 weight distribution on your sit bones and maintain straight spine and neck alignment while sitting or standing. Practice proper tongue posture by aligning it with a straight line from the personal area to the middle of the body. These habits will help improve both body and tongue posture.#2 Neck Stretched ExerciseThis is my favorite stretch that I do often. When walking and stopped at a red light, I secretly stretch my neck by tilting my head at a 45-degree angle while tucking my chin in. I focus on the side that feels tighter, but ideally, you should do both sides, but be careful not to strain your neck. I learned this stretch from a Facebook instructor and do it for about 10 seconds before slowly returning to a neutral position. If you have neck pain, avoid doing this stretch. #3 45 Degree Neck StretchedFor exercise number three, try the 45-degree stretch but only if you don't have neck pain. Look up for the 30-degree stretch and feel the stretch in the Sternocleidomastoide muscle. Before starting, determine which side of your neck is stronger. Look in the mirror and check which side is higher or lower when you relax your face. Begin by doing the stretch on the stronger side three times and on the tighter side twice. When doing the stretch, make sure to relax your forehead and stick out your tongue while attempting to touch your nose. Repeat the process for both sides. Lastly, stretch the back of your neck.Summary:In conclusion, by focusing on improving our body posture and habits, we can improve both body and tongue posture. Remember to avoid crossing your legs or vary your sleeping positions, aim for a balanced weight distribution, and maintain straight spine and neck alignment. Additionally, try out the neck stretched exercises such as the 45-degree stretch and the secret stretch for 10 seconds, but avoid doing them if you have neck pain. Practice these stretches to help relax and stretch your muscles, and don't forget to stretch the back of your neck as well. Guest UserSeptember 1, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips to remember to keep correct tongue posture aka mewing - Koko Face Yoga Guest UserSeptember 8, 2021 Next Fix asymmetry by adjusting jaw Guest UserAugust 28, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Neck & Shoulder Matters For Asymmetrical Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/9/1/why-neck-and-shoulder-matters-for-asymmetrical-face"}
Fix Asymmetry By Adjusting Jaw — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetry by adjusting jaw I used my hand to gently press on my client's jaw bone and improve their facial symmetry. The results were impressive, and I will share the secrets to fixing asymmetrical faces. I used a special technique that I recently learned and applied to my client Ashley in person. I usually teach this technique online, but I will introduce a self-care technique today.Let's assess the symmetry of our faces, keeping in mind that some asymmetry is normal due to differences in organ placement and eating habits. We can feel for differences in the size of our cheeks and masseter muscles to determine which side is bigger and may require treatment. Another way to identify the dominant side is to notice which side we chew on more. Additionally, we can drop our jaw and feel for the movement of the big bone behind our ears to further identify any differences. Today, we will focus on treating the bigger side to achieve greater facial symmetry.1. Relax the muscle around jaw boneRelax the muscles around the jaw bone using a finger and thumb to gently massage the face, especially the masseter muscles and the temporalis muscles. The speaker also mentions an asymmetrical analysis feature on an iPhone app, which is free to try. We are recruiting demo clients to analyze and introduce solutions on YouTube, and interested individuals can apply through their website, kokofaceyoga.com.2. Adjust the facial bonesLet's adjust the facial bones, specifically the jaw bones. Identify which side is bigger and use your non-dominant hand to gently press on the larger side while hooking your thumb behind the jaw bone. Then, touch all over the face, including the masseter muscle, with the palm of your other hand. Repeat this three times while inhaling and exhaling, and slightly opening the mouth to relax. Be gentle and avoid pressing too hard. This technique was inspired by a tool from a master in Japan and is similar to cranial facial therapy. Avoid crossing your legs as it can affect the spine and neck. Check your progress in the mirror and let me know in the comments.Summary:In summary, facial symmetry is an important aspect of physical appearance, and some asymmetry is normal. To achieve greater facial symmetry, we can assess the differences in the size of our cheeks, masseter muscles, and jaw bones. Then, we can use a self-care technique to relax the muscles around the jaw bone and adjust the facial bones by gently pressing on the larger side of the jaw bone. This technique, inspired by a tool from a master in Japan, is similar to cranial facial therapy and should be performed gently and with care. By following these steps and regularly checking our progress in the mirror, we can improve facial symmetry and enhance our overall appearance. Guest UserAugust 28, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why neck and shoulder matters for asymmetrical face Guest UserSeptember 1, 2021 Next Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 26, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Asymmetry By Adjusting Jaw — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/8/26/symmetry-adjustment"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Make fuller lips Guest UserAugust 6, 2021 Fix double chin Guest UserAugust 2, 2021 Fix eye wrinkles Guest UserJuly 29, 2021 Stop bad habits when brushing teeth Guest UserJuly 25, 2021 Face yoga ages you Guest UserJuly 17, 2021 Don't keep lips sealed if you have chin tension Guest UserJuly 13, 2021 Fix asymmetrical eyebrows Guest UserJuly 7, 2021 Create shorter face width Guest UserJune 26, 2021 Sweet spot of correct tongue posture Guest UserJune 22, 2021 Make shorter face Guest UserJune 18, 2021 The best hand care ever Guest UserJune 15, 2021 Create pointy chin Guest UserJune 10, 2021 The way you apply eye cream might be wrong | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserJune 6, 2021 Smile changed Guest UserJune 2, 2021 Shorten philtrum Guest UserMay 29, 2021 10 Hair Growth Hacks Guest UserMay 25, 2021 Tongue strength assessment Guest UserMay 21, 2021 Exercises to strengthen tongue Guest UserMay 19, 2021 Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips Guest UserMay 13, 2021 How I Improved My Facial Symmetry Guest UserMay 9, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1628600400741"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Ask your Dentists how to choose good Orthodontists Guest UserFebruary 1, 2022 What is Adenoid Face How to Improve Guest UserJanuary 29, 2022 Prevent Facial Osteoporosis Guest UserJanuary 26, 2022 Why mewing is not good enough by Dr. Shehab Guest UserJanuary 23, 2022 3 Areas to relax on face Guest UserJanuary 17, 2022 5 Quick Fixes for Nasolabial Lines Guest UserJanuary 13, 2022 Relax jaw sliding muscle to fix asymmetrical chin Guest UserJanuary 10, 2022 Update on Dr. Mew's petition Guest UserJanuary 7, 2022 Fix Asymmetrical Eyes Guest UserJanuary 4, 2022 3 Types of Asymmetrical Face Guest UserDecember 30, 2021 Make cheeks fuller Guest UserDecember 27, 2021 Fix Neck Lines Guest UserDecember 25, 2021 Fix Chronic Headache Guest UserDecember 23, 2021 Fix neck bands and hole Guest UserDecember 14, 2021 Massage gun to improve facial symmetry Guest UserDecember 8, 2021 Make forehead smaller Guest UserDecember 4, 2021 Do Fat Burners Cause Acne? Koko HayashiNovember 29, 2021 Ogee Curve Guest UserNovember 28, 2021 How to smile beautiful Guest UserNovember 16, 2021 Make Fuller Lips Naturally Guest UserNovember 9, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1635858000479&reversePaginate=true"}
Make Fuller Lips, Get Fuller Lips Naturally - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make fuller lips Greetings to all. In this discourse, I will be discussing the process of producing Flappy Lips. As an expert in this area, I will be providing you with three essential exercises and tips that you can employ to achieve this goal. Without further ado, let us delve into the details.1.Lip Sumo ExerciseTo improve your lip symmetry, first, relax your cheeks and lips by vibrating them. Then, check which side of your face is more asymmetrical by looking in the mirror. Use a finger to lift up the drooping side of your lip and focus on the outer side while slightly pressing your lips together. This exercise can reduce tension and improve symmetry, but be careful not to cause wrinkles by reducing tension after each repetition. Practice this exercise one to three times a day.2.Duck Lip ExerciseThis exercise is called the "Dark Lip" and it involves using your fingers to create a Cupid's bow on your upper lip. Gently squish and lift the lip while minimizing movement in other facial muscles. This exercise wakes up the sleeping muscles in the upper lip filter area. Keep the lips close together while doing this exercise. Touch the upper and lower lips slightly when your face is resting to help create a fuller appearance. By doing this exercise, it may become easier to add color to your lips. Don't forget to check out the "how to drink" video for additional tips.3. Stop doing bad habitThere are three things to remember when doing facial exercises. Firstly, for 10 seconds at a time, focus on only the upper teeth without letting them touch the lower ones. Secondly, minimize movement in other areas of the face while concentrating on the upper part. Thirdly, avoid bad habits such as not mirroring or stretching the lips too much, as this can cause the upper lip to become thinner. SummaryIn conclusion, there are a few facial exercises that can be done to improve lip symmetry and overall appearance. The Lip Sumo Exercise involves vibrating the lips and then using a finger to lift the drooping side of the lip, focusing on the outer side while slightly pressing the lips together. The Duck Lip Exercise, also known as the "Dark Lip," involves using fingers to create a Cupid's bow on the upper lip and keeping the lips close together while minimizing movement in other facial muscles. Lastly, it is important to avoid bad habits such as not mirroring or stretching the lips too much, and to focus on only the upper teeth for short intervals while minimizing movement in other areas of the face. By following these tips, it is possible to improve lip symmetry and create a fuller appearance. Guest UserAugust 6, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous DIY memory shape to create cupid's bow Guest UserAugust 10, 2021 Next Fix double chin Guest UserAugust 2, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make Fuller Lips, Get Fuller Lips Naturally - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/8/3/make-fuller-lips"}
Bad habits When Brushing Teeth | Muscle Movement Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Stop bad habits when brushing teeth Today I want to discuss three tips on muscle movement while brushing your teeth, which can also be applied to anti-aging practices. I won't be covering how to brush your teeth efficiently or any dental advice as I am not a dentist. 1. Avoid opening mouth too much when brushingUse a smaller toothbrush for hard-to-reach areas, but don't drop your jaw too much when brushing lower teeth to avoid skin pulling and neck tension. Remember to floss daily, paying extra attention to the back of your teeth where food can get stuck. Be mindful of tension in your chin and neck muscles while flossing.2. Rinsing mouthAfter brushing and flossing, rinse your mouth with water, but avoid tensing your chin. Instead, use a tiny smile and move the water around your mouth to massage and iron out the nasolabial lines. This promotes better blood circulation and is like a massage for the core muscle of the face, the mouth, and tongue. Check out the "How to drink" video to learn more about using facial muscles in daily activities.3. GargleGargling is recommended after coming back from outside to maintain good oral hygiene. When gargling, be careful not to stick out your chin too much, as this can cause tension in your chin muscles if done every day. If necessary, use a finger to touch and relax the overworked muscles while gargling. Remember to be mindful and take care of your oral hygiene.SummaryIt's important to keep the chin relaxed when brushing, rinsing, and flossing teeth to avoid unnecessary tension. If you have any other tips or ideas, feel free to share in the comments. Additionally, the facial yoga app has just launched a free facial symmetry analysis feature for those interested. The Koko Face Yoga method is also available for teaching on their website. Finally, if you're excited about the upcoming Tokyo Olympics, the channel is recruiting participants for live streaming together. Check out their website for more information. Thank you for watching, and see you in the next video! Guest UserJuly 25, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix eye wrinkles Guest UserJuly 29, 2021 Next Face yoga ages you Guest UserJuly 17, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Bad habits When Brushing Teeth | Muscle Movement", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/7/19/brushing-teeth"}
Fix Double Chin - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix double chin Double chin is a common problem that occurs when a layer of fat forms below the chin. It can be caused by various factors such as genetics, aging, poor posture, and weight gain. A double chin can affect anyone and may make you feel self-conscious. Fortunately, there are several exercises and tips that can help prevent or fix a double chin.#1 MewingExercise one is the easiest, most efficient, and effective technique to prevent or fix double chin. It involves mirroring and sticking your tongue up or down to achieve immediate results. Don't just do it for pictures, do it all the time for a sharper jawline and normal double chin. This technique is called "Mewing."#2 Neck ExerciseExercise two is a neck stretch and training that is effective, but should be avoided if you have neck pain. Start by counting one, two, three and then slowly look up while keeping your shoulders down and chest open. Close your eyes to relax the forehead and stick out your tongue, aiming towards the ceiling for 10 seconds. Remember to stretch the back of the neck as well. Try doing this exercise at least once a day, ideally two to three times, but not too many times in one go. It's better to spread it out throughout the day, for example, at 9:00 AM, 3:00 PM, and 7:00 PM. This helps reset bad habits caused by gravity.#3 Stop doing bad face and body habitAvoid bad body and face habits such as slouching in front of the computer, looking down at your phone, and always being in a state of gravity. These habits cause sagging and can lead to a double chin. To prevent this, adjust the height of your computer or phone so that you can keep your head above your spine and neck. Also, maintain proper tongue posture, keeping it up and straight in the middle of your body from the tongue tie to the vaginal area. Doing neck exercises can also produce quicker results compared to facial exercises, so it's worth incorporating them into your routine.Summary:To improve your jawline and prevent double chin, try mewing by sticking your tongue up or down and do neck exercises, but avoid them if you have neck pain. Remember to maintain good body and face habits such as avoiding slouching and adjusting your computer or phone's height. Incorporating these techniques into your routine can lead to quicker results in improving your jawline. Guest UserAugust 2, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make fuller lips Guest UserAugust 6, 2021 Next Fix eye wrinkles Guest UserJuly 29, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Double Chin - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/7/29/fix-double-chin"}
Fix Eye Wrinkles | Face Yoga - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix eye wrinkles This text provides three tips to fix eye wrinkles by identifying the cause, massaging the area around the eyes, and establishing a skincare routine that includes a moisturizer and sunscreen. By following these tips, individuals can improve the appearance of wrinkles and achieve a more youthful look.#1 Lost of collagen, elastin and musclesEye wrinkles can occur due to loss of collagen, elastin, and muscles around the eyes. To improve the quality of the skin, it is important to consume collagen regularly. Building muscle, especially on the lower eyelid, can help push out the skin and reduce wrinkles. Daily exercise to lift the lower eyelid is recommended. Incorporating these tips into a daily routine can help prevent and reduce eye wrinkles. For more tips, check out other videos.#2 Facial bonesFacial bones can experience osteoporosis just like body bones. This can cause the eye sockets to become smaller and the maxilla to drop if left untreated. However, if caught early enough, the eye sockets can remain the same size and the maxilla can be lifted. Changes in the eye area are especially noticeable because it is such a small area compared to the rest of the face. It's important to maintain good facial posture to prevent these changes from occurring. In other news, there is a Face Olympics event coming up that you can participate in. Also, if you have benefited from Dr. MU's work on Mewing, please consider helping him keep his dental license.#3 Stop doing bad habitAvoid bad facial habits that can cause wrinkles. When you smile, relax your nose area and avoid tensing it. When you yawn, touch and relax the area instead of hiding your mouth or making exaggerated facial movements. If you have dry eyes and need to rub them, be gentle and avoid pressing down. Additionally, exercises such as lower eyelid exercises and facial massage can help build muscle and improve skin elasticity. Check out our app for more information and our new pilot feature for asymmetrical face analysis.SummaryThese three videos discuss different ways to prevent and reduce eye wrinkles. The first video highlights the importance of consuming collagen and building muscle to improve the quality of the skin. The second video discusses the effects of osteoporosis on facial bones and the importance of good facial posture. The third video emphasizes the need to avoid bad facial habits and incorporate exercises and facial massage into daily routines. For more information and new features, check out the app and Face Olympics event. Guest UserJuly 29, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix double chin Guest UserAugust 2, 2021 Next Stop bad habits when brushing teeth Guest UserJuly 25, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Eye Wrinkles | Face Yoga - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/7/29/fix-eye-wrinkles"}
Face Yoga Ages You | Facial Excercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face yoga ages you The human face is crucial for expressing emotions and communication. Certain facial movements like smiling or frowning are thought to cause wrinkles and speed up aging, but this isn't entirely true. In this topic, we will address common questions and misconceptions about the connection between facial expressions and skin aging.#1 How to EatIf you're struggling with how to eat and experiencing falls after chewing, it could be due to using different muscles. Instead of bad or good muscles, try using muscles that lift up the cheeks for a smiling motion. You may temporarily see more lines or a pointy tongue, but this will eventually be lifted up as a default position. Ironing the saggy areas with a pointy tongue can provide a temporary solution, but for a long-term solution, keep trying. If lines persist, use fingers to prevent them. Eventually, the lifting motion will prevent lines from forming.#2 Crow's feetSiria noticed her eyes sagging after doing facial exercises and wants to know if there's a massage technique to release pressure on the eye muscles. Crow's feet can be caused by sagging eye muscles, which can be improved with the Malaris or cat eye exercise. Place your fingers on the malaris muscle and lift it up, then try without finger support. The exercise is a tiny movement and should focus on the malaris muscle rather than the ocular muscle. Practice the exercise regularly for best results.#3 Stretching the skinStretching the skin is a favorite exercise, but it's important not to overdo it or stretch for too long. Instead, focus on training and stretching the facial muscles, particularly the jawline and neck. The repetition of training and stretching improves muscle elasticity, similar to body exercises. This approach helps maintain elastic muscles and skin. While some wrinkles may appear with age, they are not caused by facial exercises. It's best to prioritize training rather than excessive stretching for the delicate facial muscles.SummaryIn conclusion, these facial exercises and massage techniques offer a natural and non-invasive way to improve the appearance of the face. By focusing on specific muscles and movements, individuals can prevent sagging, reduce the appearance of wrinkles, and improve overall muscle elasticity. It's important to remember to not overdo it and to prioritize training over excessive stretching for delicate facial muscles. With regular practice, these exercises can help individuals achieve a more youthful and lifted appearance. Guest UserJuly 17, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Stop bad habits when brushing teeth Guest UserJuly 25, 2021 Next Don't keep lips sealed if you have chin tension Guest UserJuly 13, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Ages You | Facial Excercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/7/17/face-yoga-ages-you"}
Facing Resting Face Posture | Mouth Seal Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Don't keep lips sealed if you have chin tension While it is recommended for ideal tongue posture and to prevent jowls, those with chin tension should keep their mouth slightly open. For those with tension in the chin, closing the mouth can worsen the tension. Instead, the first step is to reduce the tension in the chin through exercises and tips. It's important not to force yourself to close your mouth if you have an overbite, underbite, or chin tension. Let's explore three exercises and tips to reduce chin tension.1. Correct tongue postureTo begin with, correct tongue posture is essential, as it creates good tension in the right area. When the tongue is raised, the tension in the chin area shifts upwards. This is because the tongue's position helps lift the upper jaw maxilla, which moves tension from the chin to the cheek muscles. This is beneficial because the cheek muscles tend to be inactive, and creating tension there helps lift the face, reducing droopiness. 2. Relax chin exerciseRelax Chin Exercise" to reduce tension in the chin area. Start by placing a finger slightly below the nasolabial lines and lift up like a chipmunk. Look down to feel more gravity and see the movement of the cheeks. Imagine that your chin is dead and only the cheeks are alive. Smile only with the cheek muscle and lift the upper teeth, never the lower teeth. Keep the tongue up and shoulders relaxed for ten seconds. This exercise separates good and bad tension, which is important before moving on to other cheek-related exercises. The longer you feel this tension, the better. Repeat this exercise until you can separate the muscles and lose tension in the chin area.3. Be mindful about your face postureTo avoid chin tension when speaking or drinking, be mindful of your facial posture and try to keep your chin relaxed. It's also helpful to avoid opening your mouth too wide when doing activities such as brushing your teeth or eating. If you struggle with chin tension, start by keeping your mouth slightly open and work on reducing tension gradually over time through exercises like mewing and face posture awareness. Summary:In conclusion, having correct tongue posture is crucial as it helps create good tension in the right area and lifts the upper jaw maxilla, reducing droopiness. The Relax Chin Exercise is an effective technique to reduce tension in the chin area and separate good and bad tension before moving on to other cheek-related exercises. It is also essential to be mindful of your facial posture and avoid opening your mouth too wide to reduce chin tension when speaking or drinking. By practicing exercises like mewing and face posture awareness, you can gradually reduce tension and improve your overall facial appearance. Guest UserJuly 13, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face yoga ages you Guest UserJuly 17, 2021 Next Fix asymmetrical eyebrows Guest UserJuly 7, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Facing Resting Face Posture | Mouth Seal", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/7/12/mouth-seal"}
Make Shorter Face | Top Facial Exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make shorter face Hello everyone! Today, I would like to address a common request for shorter phases. Unfortunately, I am unable to reply in the comment section, but I will make an effort to address this topic through videos like the one you are watching. In this video, I will share three exercises and provide some helpful tips.1. Mewing If you're concerned about having a longer face, it's important to understand a few things. When your mouth is open, it can give the illusion of a longer face. Additionally, open-mouthed breathing, which often accompanies an open mouth, is not good for your health or appearance. Proper tongue posture, known as "mewing," can help address these concerns. I recommend watching my video on correct tongue posture for more information. Another aspect to consider is body posture. When your mouth is open, your body posture tends to suffer as well. Try this experiment: intentionally adopt poor posture and then open your mouth slightly. You'll notice how it becomes easier to maintain that position. Conversely, with good posture—shoulders down, chest open, and head aligned—the tendency to keep your mouth closed increases. The mouth, tongue, and jaw are interconnected, so it's essential to focus on them as a cohesive unit. Try practicing good posture and correct tongue posture tonight when you go to bed, and observe how they work together. The goal is to create a unified alignment of the palate, tongue, and jaw, as if they were tightly intertwined.2. Philtrum exerciseWhen the filter becomes longer, it makes your face appear longer, even if it's not actually long. This is likely because you're not properly using the filter. Let me bring up the yellow one. The upper gel of the filter is longer at the bottom, resulting in a longer appearance. We have a recent video explaining how to keep the filter short, so please watch it for more details. The recommended exercise involves creating a ball-like shape and slightly raising the corners of your mouth. Wear a mask and start walking, but remember to curl only your upper lip, focusing on the Cupid's bow. Avoid applying tension by moving your entire mouth. Instead, concentrate on the upper lip. It's important to maintain a ball-like shape. You might also have some bad habits, such as moving your lower lip or stretching the skin excessively. These habits can lead to a longer filter effect, especially for individuals with Asian faces. Avoid these habits to prevent unnecessary stretching and sagging.3. Lift up corners of the mouthWhen the corners of your mouth droop, it can create the illusion of a longer face. Vertical lines add to this effect, while horizontal lines make the face appear wider. Vertical lines, such as Marionette lines or saggy cheeks, indicate tension, often associated with downward corners of the mouth. The chin may also show tension, leading to a downward pull. Additionally, the mid-cheek and under-eye areas can have downward lines. To counteract this, it's important to avoid downward motion and aim for an upward angle. Keeping the corners of the mouth flat or slightly upturned helps create a balanced and relaxed appearance, reducing tension and downward lines. Practicing a slight smile or almost flat corners of the mouth can help train the muscles to stay uplifted. This helps release tension and promote a more desirable appearance.SummaryAddressing concerns about a longer face requires attention to various factors. Proper tongue posture, known as "mewing," can help maintain a balanced facial structure and improve overall health. Combining good posture with correct tongue posture can create a unified alignment of the palate, tongue, and jaw. Additionally, exercises to keep the philtrum short and prevent unnecessary stretching can contribute to a more proportionate face. Finally, lifting up the corners of the mouth and avoiding downward motion can help reduce tension, create a relaxed appearance, and counteract the illusion of a longer face. By incorporating these practices into your routine, you can work towards achieving a more desirable facial appearance. Guest UserJune 18, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Sweet spot of correct tongue posture Guest UserJune 22, 2021 Next The best hand care ever Guest UserJune 15, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make Shorter Face | Top Facial Exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/6/17/make-shorter-face-"}
Sweet Spot Of Correct Tongue Posture | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sweet spot of correct tongue posture Guest UserJune 22, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create shorter face width Guest UserJune 26, 2021 Next Make shorter face Guest UserJune 18, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Sweet Spot Of Correct Tongue Posture | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/6/22/sweet-spot-of-correct-tongue-posture"}
Create Shorter Face Width | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create shorter face width Today, I am delighted to discuss ways to reduce the width of your face. I appreciate your inquiry, Amy, and I will present three causes of facial width and effective remedies for each. Let's delve into it!1. TCH teeth contact habitOne common reason for a wider face is an overdeveloped masseter muscle, which is responsible for chewing and grinding. If you experience jaw pain or grinding issues, you may have an overworking masseter muscle. It's important to maintain proper tongue posture, or "mewing," and avoid teeth contact habits that can worsen the issue. Additionally, performing a hard mew can cause tension in the jaw muscle and lead to a more defined jawline, which may not be desirable for women. To address facial width, you can try makeup techniques, like highlighting to draw attention to specific areas of the face. As a facial muscle specialist, I welcome any additional tips and suggestions from our audience and encourage those with expertise in beauty and health to apply for our KGT talent audition on our website.2. Chewing When you chew, certain muscles like the risorius, buccinator, and masseter become overdeveloped, resulting in a wider face. It's important to not overwork these muscles, which can be reduced through proper eating habits. Try to chew with your cheeks and be mindful of movements in your temple and ears. Experiment by holding your temple while chewing to feel the difference.3. Smile up instead of smile outTo improve your smile, it's best to smile up instead of out, which can overwork certain muscles and make your face appear bigger. Place your fingers on the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscle and try to smile without moving it too much. Also, chew with your cheeks instead of overdeveloping certain muscles in your jaw. If you want to learn more, check out the how-to smile videos and the Koko face yoga app, which now includes facial asymmetry analysis. In conclusion, a wider face can be caused by various factors, including teeth contact habits and overdeveloped chewing muscles. To address these issues, it's important to maintain proper tongue posture and avoid overworking certain muscles. Smiling up instead of out can also help improve your appearance. Additionally, makeup techniques and face yoga exercises can be useful tools. As always, we welcome any additional tips and insights from our audience, and encourage interested individuals to apply for our KGT talent audition on our website. Guest UserJune 26, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetrical eyebrows Guest UserJuly 7, 2021 Next Sweet spot of correct tongue posture Guest UserJune 22, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Create Shorter Face Width | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/6/25/create-shorter-face-width"}
Fix Asymmetrical Eyebrows | Best Excercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetrical eyebrows Guest UserJuly 7, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Don't keep lips sealed if you have chin tension Guest UserJuly 13, 2021 Next Create shorter face width Guest UserJune 26, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Asymmetrical Eyebrows | Best Excercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/7/7/fix-asymmetrical-eyebrows"}
Tongue strength assessment — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Tongue strength assessment I'm excited to introduce a special exercise that tests the strength of your tongue for newing. While I found this exercise easy, I recently discovered that it can be challenging for many people. So, I want to test your tongue today. Before we proceed, make sure you're familiar with newing and correct tongue posture by checking out my Newing 101 guide. Assuming you're familiar and ready to try, let's move on to the exercise.1. Smile without showing upper teethThis exercise has three levels. In level one, start by relaxing your face and then do a small smile without showing your teeth. Keep your tongue lifted inside your mouth and accumulate saliva before swallowing. Ensure that your swallowing motion is soft and gentle, avoiding a forceful swallow. If you find it difficult to accumulate saliva, you can take a small sip of water. Remember to keep the movement minimal and focus on maintaining the correct tongue posture. This completes level one of the exercise.2. Smile showing upper teethLevel two is a bit more challenging. Start by smiling, this time showing your upper teeth. Accumulate saliva in your mouth, but avoid taking too much water. Remember to do a soft swallow, keeping your tongue flat and showing your "A" position on the roof of your mouth. This may be harder for some, so let me know in the comments if you can do it. Don't worry about opening your mouth yet, as that's for level three. If you find this level difficult, practice it before moving on to level three.3. Smile showing your upper teeth with mouth openLevel three is the most challenging. Open your mouth wider, but not too big. Smile and accumulate saliva. It may be difficult to maintain the open mouth position, but try to keep it upright and avoid unnecessary jaw movement. If you can do this without closing your mouth, it means you're effectively using your tongue muscles. Practice with your pinky finger initially if it helps. Once you're comfortable, try it without the finger. Remember to maintain the correct tongue posture during the exercise. This level is the hardest, and I still need more practice myself. Let me know which levels you were able to do. The purpose of this exercise is to check the strength of your tongue muscle, which is essential for correct tongue posture and its many benefits.SummaryThis exercise consists of three levels. Level one involves a small smile without showing upper teeth, followed by a soft swallow with tongue flat and saliva accumulation. Level two adds the challenge of smiling with upper teeth showing, maintaining correct tongue posture. Level three is the most difficult, requiring a wider open-mouth smile while keeping tongue muscles engaged. Practicing with a pinky finger is suggested, and maintaining correct tongue posture is crucial. Let me know which levels you were able to accomplish. This exercise aims to assess and improve tongue muscle strength for proper tongue posture and its numerous benefits. Guest UserMay 21, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 10 Hair Growth Hacks Guest UserMay 25, 2021 Next Exercises to strengthen tongue Guest UserMay 19, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Tongue strength assessment — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/15/tongue-strength-assessment"}
The way you apply eye cream might be wrong Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account The way you apply eye cream might be wrong | Koko Face Yoga When it comes to applying eye cream, it's important to be mindful of the way you move the muscles around your eyes. Unfortunately, some people apply eye cream in a way that promotes wrinkles by moving the muscles horizontally, which can cause eye bags to protrude. Instead, I recommend a new approach to applying eye cream that will help prevent wrinkles and keep your eyes looking their best. Let me share with you three reasons why this traditional way of applying eye cream isn't ideal, and then I'll offer my expert advice on a better technique.1. Horizontal linesRepeatedly moving the muscles in a horizontal motion like this can worsen the horizontal lines around the eyes. The wrinkles around the eyes tend to be horizontal, not vertical, and if you promote this motion, it can lead to more wrinkles. It's important to avoid this motion to prevent the promotion of wrinkles.2. FrictionWhen applying eye cream, it's important to avoid excessive friction that can worsen wrinkles and cause skin darkening. The skin around the eye is much thinner than other areas, so it's essential to handle it with care. Even if you use a cushion, friction can still occur and damage the delicate skin. Similarly, repetitive friction against surfaces like elbows can thicken the skin and cause pigmentation as a protective measure.3. Eyebag gonna be worsenAs an expert in facial anatomy and skincare, I want to emphasize that repetitive motions around the eyes can exacerbate issues like eye bags, wrinkles, and hollowing. This is because the delicate skin around the eyes is thinner and more prone to damage from friction. Additionally, aging causes the fat around the eyes to shift, leading to eye bags and excess skin on the upper eyelid.Summary:It's important to be mindful of the delicate skin around the eyes and handle it with care when applying eye creams or makeup. Additionally, aging can cause shifts in fat that contribute to eye bags and excess skin on the upper eyelid. By taking preventative measures and avoiding repetitive motions, we can help minimize these issues and promote healthier, more youthful-looking skin. Guest UserJune 6, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create pointy chin Guest UserJune 10, 2021 Next Smile changed Guest UserJune 2, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "The way you apply eye cream might be wrong", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/6/3/36g5td65ahznlrdsc8e57boikdwagr"}
10 Hair Growth Hacks move it — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 10 Hair Growth Hacks Hello everyone! Today, I'd like to share an update on my hair growth journey and ten effective tips that have worked for me. I previously made a video about my journey, so please check it out if you haven't already, as there has been noticeable progress. Now, let's take a look at a before and after comparison from a couple of years ago. You can see the significant difference in the baby hair, which used to be sparse but is now much fuller. Amazing, right? So, without further ado, let's dive into the ten tips that have been instrumental in my progress. Let's get started!1. Rogaine I hate to introduce this because this is not natural, I always do all- natural face yoga thing and then this is kind of chemical, but it works rogaine. Yeah. Rogaine minoxidil ingredient I use this every day, twice a day Ideally, sometimes I forget, but I do it and it's grown so much hair and yeah. So I really, I think works on me. Not for everyone, but on my hair loss type it's working, You can either use liquid version or foam version. Foam version, I started using this even though I like this better because this has the ingredient to make my scalp itchy so I was itchy so I switched to this and it's, it's, uh, it's much better. It's like this, you just have section divide so that you get the scalp and then just add like this, like this, and then you just try to massage into the scalp. It will be wasted if you do on the hair. So you just wanna really divide and then find the scalp and then massage and then you do the other section like this and do the same thing. 2. Scalp massageI've been practicing this for a while now—scalp massage. Recently, my hairstylist Sayuri shared some valuable insights during my hair session with her yesterday. Take a look at how my hair turned out, by the way. What do you think? Anyway, she emphasized the importance of minimizing friction while massaging the scalp. Instead, gently hook your fingers onto the scalp and move them as if you were adjusting a wig. She even created a tutorial for it, so be sure to check it out if you haven't already. It's worth noting that one of the side effects of COVID is hair loss. If you're experiencing this, you may want to avoid certain chemical treatments. In such cases, I highly recommend trying natural scalp massage as an alternative.3. Brush your hair regularlyIt's important to brush your hair, especially before shampooing. I personally need to do it more often, but I've developed a habit of keeping my brush on my desk for easy access. Since last year, I've noticed the benefits of brushing. So, why do you think brushing hair is beneficial? Well, it's not just about the hair itself. Brushing also acts as a scalp massage, which is why it's incredibly beneficial.4. Change hair section everydayVarying your hair parting is essential. Today, it may be like this, but tomorrow you can try a different style. Change it up every day, or even every few hours if possible. By doing so, you prevent your hair from flattening in one area, especially when exposed to sunlight. It's important to protect your hair from sun damage by wearing a hat, but we all have busy days when grabbing a hat isn't feasible. In such situations, constant sun exposure can lead to significant damage. By changing your hair parting frequently, you distribute the exposure and prevent excessive damage to specific areas. Additionally, changing the parting can create the illusion of fuller hair as the strands stand up differently.5. Stop doing tight ponytailAvoid tight hairstyles like extremely tight ponytails on a regular basis. While it may be fine occasionally, continuously pulling your hair tightly can lead to hair loss, especially along the hairline. Embrace looser styles instead. If you must tie your hair tightly, try to keep it that way for the shortest duration possible, and remember that looser styles are generally better for your hair's health.6. Low pooLet's talk about "low poo." Initially, I want to explain what "no poo" means. In a video I made a while back, I discussed "no poo," which involves avoiding shampoo altogether and washing your hair with water only, accompanied by thorough massage to stimulate hair growth. However, when I tried it, my longer hair became excessively greasy, so I stopped. Instead, I practice "low poo," which means reducing the frequency of shampooing. I typically shampoo once a week or, at most, twice unless necessary. I don't vigorously massage my scalp unless I've had an intense workout or excessive sweating, although my recent hot yoga sessions may require some adjustments. Even when I do shampoo, I use a minimal amount, aiming to limit overall shampoo usage. That's what I refer to as "low poo."7. Avoid hair coloring on the rootsWhen it comes to hair coloring, it's advisable to avoid starting with a full-on color application from the beginning as it can potentially harm the scalp. Instead, a popular choice is to go for an ombre style. This involves maintaining your original dark hair color and adding subtle highlights or gradually transitioning to a lighter shade. Personally, ombre is my favorite hair coloring technique.8. Avoid pulling white hairIt's important to refrain from cutting your white hair. As someone in their forties or beyond, like myself at 42, I've come to understand the consequences of pulling out white hair. It can damage the hair follicle, which contains multiple strands of hair. Pulling out one strand can harm the neighboring ones too. Instead, if you want to address white hair, be cautious and use small scissors to trim them carefully. It's difficult to determine if a hair is white or colored, so it's best to avoid cutting it unless necessary. Remember to be gentle and avoid unnecessary forehead wrinkles while handling your hair.9. Protect head from direct sunlightIt's crucial to protect your head from sun damage. Apart from wearing gloves, a mask, and sunglasses, I always make sure to wear a head covering. Not only does it shield my face from the sun, but it also safeguards my scalp. I admit that before the pandemic, I neglected using a head covering, and I regret that. However, since the pandemic began, I've been diligently using it, along with glasses, masks, and gloves. Some might consider it excessive, but I prioritize the protection of my hair, scalp, and skin above all else.10. Take multivitaminsThe final point I want to emphasize is the significance of diet. Five months ago, I visited a dermatologist who strongly recommended incorporating multivitamins and other specific vitamins into my routine. Since then, I have been diligently taking these supplements, which I previously did not prioritize. I now recognize the importance of a well-rounded diet and the role of supplements in supporting overall hair and skin health.SummaryIn conclusion, here are the key takeaways for maintaining healthy hair:Firstly, Rogaine (minoxidil) can be effective in promoting hair growth, though it may not work for everyone. It's available in both liquid and foam versions, with foam being a preferred option for those with scalp sensitivity.Scalp massage, done gently and without excessive friction, can stimulate hair growth naturally and is recommended as an alternative to chemical treatments.Regular hair brushing not only helps with detangling but also acts as a scalp massage, benefiting both the hair and scalp health.Changing your hair parting frequently prevents flattening and damage from sun exposure, while also creating the illusion of fuller hair.Avoid tight hairstyles like tight ponytails to prevent hair loss, especially along the hairline. Opt for looser styles whenever possible.Consider practicing "low poo" by reducing the frequency of shampooing and minimizing the use of shampoo. Thoroughly massage the scalp only when necessary, such as after intense workouts or excessive sweating.When coloring your hair, it's advisable to avoid applying color directly to the roots. Instead, try ombre techniques or gradually transition to a lighter shade.Avoid pulling out white hair, as it can damage the hair follicle and affect neighboring strands. Use small scissors to carefully trim white hairs if needed.Protecting your head from direct sunlight is crucial to prevent sun damage. Wear a head covering in addition to gloves, a mask, and sunglasses for comprehensive protection.Finally, prioritize a well-rounded diet and consider taking multivitamins and specific supplements recommended by a dermatologist to support overall hair and skin health. By following these tips, you can maintain healthier hair and scalp. Guest UserMay 25, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Shorten philtrum Guest UserMay 29, 2021 Next Tongue strength assessment Guest UserMay 21, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "10 Hair Growth Hacks move it — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/21/hair-growt"}
Exercises to strengthen tongue | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Exercises to strengthen tongue Guest UserMay 19, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Tongue strength assessment Guest UserMay 21, 2021 Next Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips Guest UserMay 13, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Exercises to strengthen tongue | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/16/exercises-to-strengthen-tongue"}
Create Pointy Chain | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create pointy chin Today, I'd like to discuss creating a pointy chin and addressing concerns about excess fat in the mental area. Instead of focusing on fat, it's possible that the issue lies with an overworked muscle. The red areas represent overworking muscles, while the blue areas depict relaxed muscles. Rather than engaging in exercises that may further tense the muscles and worsen the situation, it's important to avoid training the overworking muscle. We need to focus on relaxation instead. By enhancing the sharpness of the jawline, we can achieve a more pointy appearance.1. Neck StretchNeck stretches are important to relieve tension and prevent muscle overwork. However, if you have neck pain, avoid these exercises until you recover. Sit with your spine straight, avoiding crossing your legs. Begin by counting to three, then lower your shoulders and open your chest. Slowly look up, stretching your neck, and touch the ceiling with your tongue and nose. Return slowly and stretch the back of your neck as well. Avoid wrinkling your forehead or closing your eyes tightly. For more advanced stretches, try tilting your head at a 45-degree angle and repeating the exercises. It's important to work both sides of your neck to maintain symmetry. These exercises not only benefit the neck but also help reduce the appearance of a double chin.2. Anti bulldog face exerciseTo achieve a sharper jawline, we will combine neck exercises with my favorite exercise called the Anti-Bullock phase. Before we begin, please ensure you don't have neck pain. Identify which side feels tighter or harder to lift. Focus on that side for the exercises. Place your finger on the tighter shoulder and tilt your head at a 45-degree angle. Make sure to tuck your chin in. Stretch and lift your head three times, then repeat on the other side. You can also try a more advanced version at a 30-degree angle. These exercises train and stretch the muscles, promoting symmetry and elasticity for a lifted, sharp jawline.3. Tongue exerciseExercise number three focuses on reducing tension in the chin and cheeks. By relaxing the chin muscles, such as the mentalist, we can prevent them from becoming too strong and bulky. If you're unfamiliar with the NU-W exercise, check out our popular YouTube video available in multiple languages. Now, let's introduce a new exercise. Start with the level one version, where you open and close your mouth. Then progress to the more advanced version by keeping your upper and lower teeth slightly apart while performing a clicking motion inside your mouth. Aim for a clear sound, indicating the use of tongue muscles instead of mouth muscles. To summarize, the first exercise is the neck stretch, followed by the 45-degree and 30-degree stretches for facial symmetry. Finally, we introduced the tongue exercise, progressing from level one to level two. SummaryThese three exercises focus on relieving tension and promoting symmetry in the neck and facial muscles. The neck stretch, performed with a straight spine and without neck pain, helps release tension and prevent muscle overwork. The Anti-Bullock phase exercise combines neck exercises with specific head tilts to achieve a sharper jawline and lift. Finally, the tongue exercise targets the chin and cheek muscles, reducing tension and promoting a more balanced appearance. By incorporating these exercises into your routine, you can work towards a relaxed neck, a sharper jawline, and improved facial symmetry. Guest UserJune 10, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The best hand care ever Guest UserJune 15, 2021 Next The way you apply eye cream might be wrong | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserJune 6, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Create Pointy Chain | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/6/9/create-pointy-chin"}
The Best Hand Care Ever | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account The best hand care ever Hello, everyone! Today, I'd like to discuss ways to enhance the beauty of your hands. While my hands may not be the epitome of beauty just yet, I've discovered some fantastic tips that have worked wonders for me. I couldn't contain my excitement, so I simply had to share them with all of you.1.Disposable GlovesI've been wearing disposable gloves almost every day due to the pandemic. They protect my skin from sun damage, friction, and dryness, which can age the hands. I haven't found an effective way to care for my hands through exercises or massages. Wearing gloves has made a significant difference. Despite some wrinkles and marks, my hands look amazing compared to before. I live in Los Angeles and still wear masks and gloves, which attracts attention. I choose gloves based on my outfit's color scheme. This technique has been the best way to beautify my hands. I used to apply creams and oils, but now I simply wear the gloves. I also use sunscreen on my hands, but the physical protection of the gloves has proven more effective. I believe in the power of gloves and will continue wearing them despite others' opinions.2. Moisturize hands every time you wash itAfter using the restroom, doing laundry, or washing dishes, it's important to wash your hands. However, frequent handwashing can lead to dryness. To combat this, I carry a small container of cream in my purse. Whenever I use a public restroom, I moisturize my hands afterward. I avoid using electric hand dryers because they can strip the skin's natural moisture. Instead, I prefer using paper towels to dry my hands.3. Don't forget to apply the cream in between fingers and knucklesFirst, I prioritize moisturizing my hands before my face because their skin is thin and requires special care. To properly moisturize, I recommend applying lotion generously, stretching and massaging the skin, even between the fingers and on the joints. Additionally, consider wearing gloves for added protection. These three tips, especially wearing gloves, have been effective for me in preserving the beauty of my hands. Take note of the difference in skin color, indicating less damage from the sun and proper care.SummaryWearing disposable gloves daily has protected my hands from sun damage, friction, and dryness caused by the pandemic. They have significantly improved the appearance of my hands compared to before. Despite attracting attention in Los Angeles, I choose gloves that match my outfit, making them the best way to beautify my hands. Moisturizing after washing is crucial to prevent dryness, and I carry cream in my purse for that purpose. I avoid electric hand dryers and opt for paper towels instead. When moisturizing, I prioritize applying lotion generously, including between the fingers and on the knuckles. Wearing gloves and following these tips have effectively preserved the beauty of my hands, reinforcing my belief in their power. Guest UserJune 15, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make shorter face Guest UserJune 18, 2021 Next Create pointy chin Guest UserJune 10, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "The Best Hand Care Ever | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/6/14/the-best-hand-care-ever"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! More defined epicanthic folds Guest UserMay 5, 2021 Fix bulldog cheeks Guest UserMay 1, 2021 Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye Guest UserApril 27, 2021 Jaw Exercise To Fix Asymmetrical Face Guest UserApril 23, 2021 Reduce Forehead Lines Guest UserApril 20, 2021 Make Nostrils Slimmer & Follow Golden Ratio | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 17, 2021 Fix frown lines between eyebrows Guest UserApril 14, 2021 Move ears to lift up the face Guest UserApril 11, 2021 How to speak better way for anti-aging Guest UserApril 8, 2021 Fix Triple Eyelids Guest UserApril 5, 2021 How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 2, 2021 5 tools to train nose breathing Guest UserMarch 30, 2021 5 Beauty reasons why you should nose breathe over mouth breathe Guest UserMarch 27, 2021 Don't do those while working out Guest UserMarch 24, 2021 How to keep lips moisturized Guest UserMarch 18, 2021 Warnings about jaw exercise tools Guest UserMarch 15, 2021 Stress is NOT the main cause of your grinding Guest UserMarch 12, 2021 Fix asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 9, 2021 5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 6, 2021 Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines Guest UserMarch 3, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1620608247067"}
Smile | Best Exercise | Facial Muscle Movement Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Smile changed A couple of years ago, I noticed a lot of wrinkles around my nose and two nasolabial lines on one side. Specifically, I had three nasolabial lines when I smiled. I was concerned that others might notice, but so far no one has commented on it. I've been actively working on improving my smile through exercises and face posture, and I've noticed a positive change. While researching, I came across an interesting comment from Bebe, who pointed out that people with good smiles tend to have laugh lines starting from the corners of their mouths, rather than from the nose. 1. Identify where's zygomaticus major and minor muscleTo exercise your smile muscles, first, identify the zygomaticus major and minor muscles responsible for lifting your cheeks. Try the cheek squat exercise by showing your upper teeth, lifting your cheeks, and closing your mouth with the upper teeth on top of the lower lip. Use proper tongue posture by lifting the palate and releasing it to feel fatigued. Practice this exercise to widen your smile.2. Smile exerciseFor the smile exercise, focus on a "V" smile instead of an "E" smile to lift the cheeks up and avoid widening the smile. Check out the video for more details and try it out for yourself.3. Relax levator labii superioris alaeque nasiNumber three is about reducing nasal wrinkles caused by the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscle. To avoid this, it is important to be aware of your facial muscle movement and do exercises to improve your face posture. You can watch a video about how to yawn correctly to prevent wrinkles. Instead of dropping your jaw down, smile and yawn up to avoid wrinkles. By being mindful of your facial muscles, you can prevent wrinkles from forming. Summary:identifying and exercising the zygomaticus major and minor muscles can help widen your smile. It's important to use proper tongue posture and focus on a "V" smile to lift the cheeks up and avoid widening the smile. Additionally, being aware of facial muscle movement and doing exercises to improve face posture can prevent nasal wrinkles caused by the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscle. By practicing these exercises and being mindful of facial muscles, you can achieve a more youthful and vibrant appearance. Guest UserJune 2, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The way you apply eye cream might be wrong | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserJune 6, 2021 Next Shorten philtrum Guest UserMay 29, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Smile | Best Exercise | Facial Muscle Movement", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/30/smile-changed"}
Shorten philtrum | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Shorten philtrum Guest UserMay 29, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Smile changed Guest UserJune 2, 2021 Next 10 Hair Growth Hacks Guest UserMay 25, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Shorten philtrum | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/26/shorten-philtrum"}
Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips Today, let's discuss fixing an asymmetrical mouth, which is a common issue for many people. With the rise of Zoom conferences, people have become more aware of this asymmetry, whether it's one side being higher or lower than the other. To address this, we'll focus on three steps: stretching, massaging, and exercising. Start by examining yourself in the mirror to determine which side requires more attention. This is crucial information for our first exercise.1. Stretch sternocleidomastoid muscle To address asymmetry in the mouth, focus on stretching the affected side. Tuck your chin slightly and keep your shoulders down. Start by stretching the side of your neck for about 10 seconds, then slowly look up to feel the stretch on the inner side. Repeat the stretch on the other side, maintaining proper shoulder alignment. Be cautious not to wrinkle your forehead and relax your eyes during the stretches. Additionally, perform an SCM stretch by tucking your chin and stretching the back of your neck. This stretch targets the muscles connected to the saggy side. It's important to maintain balance even when focusing on the asymmetrical side. The SCM muscle plays a significant role in connecting the muscles responsible for the sagging. Stretching this muscle helps establish a foundation for overall improvement. Remember, if you experience neck pain, avoid these exercises.2. Relax mentalis and DAO muscleFor the second exercise, let's focus on massage as it prepares us for the final workout step. Start with the mentalis and DAO muscles, which are interconnected. Relax these muscles by gently massaging them in a slow upward motion. Next, target the cheek area with a technique similar to the mid cheek line massage. Use a sliding motion under the maxilla bone to relax the muscles. Repeat the massage in a rhythmic manner, allowing the muscles to fully relax. This technique is beneficial for fixing mid cheek lines as well. For a detailed demonstration, refer to my other video on the topic.3. Half cheek squat exercise Exercise number three is an enjoyable part of the routine. In my case, I want to lift up this side, so I will perform a regular cheek squat on both sides. However, if you are concerned about the other side, focus on that during the cheek squat. Here's how to do it: first, relax your muscles and create a half smile. Use your finger for support and lift the saggy side, while showing your upper teeth. Pay attention to this side and keep your tongue flat in the middle of the palate. Avoid jumping like I did; it was just for fun. Slowly lower your muscles afterwards, and don't worry if there is a slight upward movement. Muscles are like clay and will remember the position with repetition. Remember to prevent wrinkles and keep the tongue flat in the mouth. Perform this exercise one to three times a day for 10 seconds each time, focusing on the saggy side. To summarize the three exercises we covered today: start with the SCM stretch, targeting the saggy side for 10 seconds, then repeat it once more.SummaryTo recap, the three exercises we discussed are designed to address asymmetry and improve muscle tone in the face. First, stretch the sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle, focusing on the saggy side. Perform the stretch by tucking your chin and keeping your shoulders down. Remember to maintain proper alignment and avoid forehead wrinkles. Next, relax the mentalis and DAO muscles through gentle massage, targeting the cheek area as well. Finally, engage in the half cheek squat exercise, lifting the saggy side while maintaining a half smile and tongue position. Repeat these exercises regularly for optimal results. Guest UserMay 13, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Exercises to strengthen tongue Guest UserMay 19, 2021 Next How I Improved My Facial Symmetry Guest UserMay 9, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/12/0fu2jyf5i6a3162ctwvwhbeonam3rl"}
How I Improved My Facial Symmetry | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How I Improved My Facial Symmetry In this video, I'll share five tips and exercises that have helped me enhance my facial symmetry. I received a wonderful comment from Savannah, who noticed the improvement in my facial symmetry compared to my older videos. Over time, I've accumulated numerous videos on my YouTube channel, and it's clear that my face has become less asymmetrical and better than before. It's not just Savannah, but many others have also made similar observations. Let's delve into these tips and exercises that have contributed to this positive change.1. Symmetrical chewingSymmetrical chewing is crucial for improving facial symmetry, and this advice is widely supported by dentists and doctors. When you eat, it's essential to focus on chewing your food thoroughly and evenly on both sides of your mouth. Aim for a balanced 50/50 distribution on the back teeth before starting the chewing process. I recently created a video on proper eating techniques, which includes the latest information on this topic. If you haven't already, I recommend checking it out for more detailed guidance. 2. Symmetrical mewingIs an important aspect of achieving proper tongue posture. If you're unfamiliar with mewing, I recommend checking out my videos on mewing 101 and tongue posture 101 for more information. Often, many people, including myself, tend to have a bad habit of uneven tongue placement. For example, the tongue may be higher on one side and lower on the other, leading to an imbalanced head rotation. To address this, it's crucial to practice symmetrical mewing. The goal is to position the tongue evenly on the palate, as asymmetrical tongue posture can result in issues such as the tongue being too far forward or too far back. It's important to maintain balance and avoid exaggerating the tongue's position.3. Tongue movementProper tongue movement during chewing is extremely important for achieving facial symmetry. The jaw joint is the only joint in the face that moves, and it is involved in essential functions like eating, speaking, and smiling. When this joint is moved in an asymmetrical way, it can lead to an asymmetrical face. That's why it's crucial to be mindful of symmetrical eating. Along with maintaining a 50/50 distribution of chewing between the left and right sides, it's also important to consider the position of the tip of the tongue. Ideally, the tip of the tongue should rest in the middle of the palate during chewing. This helps to address any dominant side imbalances and further enhances symmetry.4. Body postureRegarding body posture, I'm not an expert, but I've observed that many people tend to put more weight on one side due to head rotation. This can result in asymmetry, and I've discussed this in another video specifically focusing on sagging on the right side. If you're interested, you can check it out. In my case, I'm a "left sagger," meaning my left side tends to be lower. To address this, I aim to maintain a more balanced weight distribution, both when standing and walking. It's not easy, but I'm more mindful now. You can determine your dominant side by checking the pressure points on your thumb or examining your shoe wear. Once you know your dominant side, you can work on using the inner side of your body more, rather than relying on the outer side. This helps activate the dormant muscles and achieve better balance. Specifically, focusing on the kickback motion, aim for a 50/50 distribution of pressure. I also try to avoid crossing my legs, but if necessary, I alternate and limit the duration. Additionally, as an Asian, I often sit in a cross-legged position, but I make an effort to switch sides every 20-30 minutes.5. Back sleeping In this discussion, I'll focus on back sleeping. I've done two comparison videos on pillows specifically designed for back sleeping, like the Your Face Pillow and Sleep and Glow's Aula pillow. These are the only ones I know of that cater to back sleeping. It's important to note that I personally cut my pillow to adjust its height, which worked well for me. If your pillow is too high, you can consider doing the same. Now, let's recap the five tips I've been using to improve facial symmetry. First, practice 50/50 chewing. Second, maintain a symmetrical tongue posture in the middle of the palate. Third, chew with the focus on the middle of the palate, avoiding asymmetrical movements. Fourth, pay attention to walking with a 50/50 kickback pressure distribution. Lastly, consider adopting back sleeping as a preferred position. Give these tips a try if you haven't already, as they have helped me enhance my facial symmetry.Summaryachieving facial symmetry involves various factors such as symmetrical chewing, proper tongue posture, balanced tongue movement during chewing, mindful body posture, and back sleeping. Symmetrical chewing entails evenly chewing food on both sides of the mouth, while symmetrical mewing focuses on maintaining balanced tongue posture in the middle of the palate. Tongue movement should be mindful and centered to promote facial symmetry. Mindful body posture, including weight distribution and using the inner side of the body, contributes to overall balance. Back sleeping, supported by specially designed pillows, is recommended for improving facial symmetry. These tips have been effective for enhancing facial symmetry and can be explored further for personal benefit. Guest UserMay 9, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips Guest UserMay 13, 2021 Next More defined epicanthic folds Guest UserMay 5, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How I Improved My Facial Symmetry | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/8/how-i-improved-my-facial-symmetry-1"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Erase forehead wrinkles Guest UserNovember 2, 2021 Make face slimmer Guest UserOctober 29, 2021 Eliminate Laugh Lines Guest UserOctober 26, 2021 Side effects from wearing night guard Guest UserOctober 21, 2021 How to speak for less wrinkle Guest UserOctober 17, 2021 10 face exercises to fix asymmetrical face Guest UserOctober 13, 2021 10 Face Exercises For Symmetrical Face Guest UserOctober 8, 2021 TMJ Adjustment Part 2 to stop clicking sound Guest UserOctober 4, 2021 Mewing Side Effects! Guest UserSeptember 30, 2021 Asymmetrical mewing Guest UserSeptember 26, 2021 Reset TMJ Guest UserSeptember 22, 2021 3 plastic surgeries that you should think twice Guest UserSeptember 18, 2021 Asymmetrical face analysis Guest UserSeptember 14, 2021 5 Tips to remember to keep correct tongue posture aka mewing - Koko Face Yoga Guest UserSeptember 8, 2021 Why neck and shoulder matters for asymmetrical face Guest UserSeptember 1, 2021 Fix asymmetry by adjusting jaw Guest UserAugust 28, 2021 Fix Nose Asymmetry By Adjusting | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 26, 2021 Fix asymmetrical face by yawning in a new way| Koko Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 23, 2021 Five mountain valley Guest UserAugust 14, 2021 DIY memory shape to create cupid's bow Guest UserAugust 10, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1628254800256&reversePaginate=true"}
More Defined Epicanthic Folds | Koko Yoga Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account More defined epicanthic folds Today, I want to discuss the concept of an "epic fault" and how we can address it. I recently learned about this term from a viewer, and I'm grateful for their input. Essentially, an epic fault refers to a particular line or angle around the eye that some people find concerning. It's like the skin is folded downward instead of being open. To create a more defined and open appearance, we can focus on exercises and techniques to improve this condition. One possible cause for the folded skin is excessive tension and weight in the area, which causes it to droop. We'll explore exercises to relieve this tension and work towards breaking it down.1. Muscle rocks breakdownFocuses on breaking down muscle tension and knots. I previously covered this exercise in a video, so check it out for more details. Start by using your knuckle on the dominant side of your face, as it's easier to locate the muscle knots. Use your other hand to prevent wrinkles while searching for these tiny dots of tension, similar to the size of a piece of rice. Once you find them, apply pressure and work on reducing them for about a minute. It may be painful, but that's a good sign as you're getting closer to the knots. Repeat the process on the other side, targeting the dominant eye, which typically has more and larger knots. Move your knuckle in a rhythmic motion to break them down. Over time, the goal is to reduce these knots and alleviate the tension caused by prolonged screen and device use.2. Lift up eye socket Exercise number two involves lifting up the eyelids. Place your fingers on the inner corner of the eyelid and gently lift it upwards. You can use both fingers simultaneously if you prefer. Ensure that you're not creating wrinkles while lifting. Holding the wrinkle can cause the lid to open slightly, but it's important to avoid creating wrinkles. Lift the eyelids for one minute, being careful not to stretch them excessively. You can also try lifting them in a repetitive motion if that feels comfortable. Avoid wrinkling your forehead during the exercise. After around one minute, you may feel a sense of openness in your eyes.3. Nose exerciseNow let's focus on the nose area. Lifting the nose upward and outward can create a more defined look. We often hold tension in this area as well. For nose exercises, let's begin with the top portion only. Perform a gentle massage for one minute, moving the fingers outward. Avoid creating wrinkles during the exercise. Be cautious not to apply too much pressure. On a different note, we are planning to host a phase Olympics event, inspired by the Tokyo Olympics. It's an unofficial celebration and not affiliated with the actual Olympics, but it's a fun way to commemorate the Tokyo Games since I'm from Tokyo.4. Eye exerciseThis is the final exercise, which is not a massage but an eye exercise. Open the inner corners of your eyes gently, ensuring there are no wrinkles. Move slightly outward to avoid causing wrinkles. Lift your eyes without stretching the skin too much. Slowly squint and then open, repeating this motion 10 times. Perform three sets of 10 repetitions. It's important to do these exercises consistently for potential results. The previous exercises included breakdowns and lifting the eyelids. Remember, if you try these exercises just once, you may not notice significant changes. However, practicing them regularly, ideally every day, may yield better results.Summary These exercises target different areas to improve eye appearance and reduce tension. The first exercise focuses on breaking down muscle knots and tension in the face, especially around the eyes. The second exercise involves lifting the eyelids to create a more open and defined look. The third exercise concentrates on the nose area, providing a gentle massage to release tension. Lastly, the fourth exercise is specifically designed to work the muscles around the eyes, promoting openness and relaxation. Consistency is key when performing these exercises to potentially see noticeable improvements. Guest UserMay 5, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How I Improved My Facial Symmetry Guest UserMay 9, 2021 Next Fix bulldog cheeks Guest UserMay 1, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "More Defined Epicanthic Folds | Koko Yoga Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/5/3/more-defined-epicanthic-folds"}
Fix bulldog cheeks | Koko Yoga Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix bulldog cheeks Training your facial muscle like this here and then stretch. This is the part stretching train, training, stretch, training, stretch. That's a key for elastic skin. Hi everyone. Today, I would like to talk about how to fix bulldog cheeks. Bulldog cheeks are so cute for dog, but not for humans so much so we gonna do the exercise. This is one of the classic exercise that I have been doing for the many, many, many years, more than 10 years, 32, 42, 31, and 42. And I was doing that exercise that I'm gonna introduce today. Um, every time I go to restroom when I was working for a corporate office, not for office, but the, in the office, I was working for corporate in Tokyo, Japan, and yeah, I was doing that exercise every time I go to the restroom. Let's do it. Exercise number one, you wanna stretch the skin the cheek area to one side and then lift up this area Like this one, like this yeah.So you are stretching this side and then lifting up this side then one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. So when you do it, it should not be down, it should be up because you're really lifting up here right. So this is a great exercise to really, um, training your facial muscle like this here and then stretch. This is the part stretching train, training stretch, training stretch. That's a key for elastic skin, the repetition. Yeah. So now we gonna do this side of course. Stretch and training up like this one, two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine, ten, relax. And then, uh, one thing I like to mention is when you do this, you cause wrinkle right? A little bit here, and a little bit here too. So if you're concern about wrinkle, use your finger to prevent the line, stop it. And then if you are causing crow's feet like this, and then you, you can do like this. In addition to this in general, this crow's feet you wanna stop it. If you, if it happens, this one it caused wrinkles but if you're younger people 20, 30, 80's um not 80's, 20, um, teenager or twenties, thirties, or early forties, around that time, you don't really use one finger you don't have to. I mean, you can do it, but I just feel like it's easier. If you can do this when you're driving or walking and you cannot do this right when you're walking or cooking. So don't worry about too much yet because this vertical line can happen when you are 90 years old, you are very, very mature. And then you might wanna worry about it, but because you do this side and you do this side and then your stretching right, and then again, training, stretch, training, stretch. That's a key for elastic muscle, elastic skin cause elastic muscle create elastic skin. So you don't have to worry about too much that lines, but if you're worried about it, you can use this. But if you're causing the line, the cross feet I would encourage you to stop it because this is a folded line that the more you do it, um, it, uh, shows here, which is not good. And I did a video about, um, I think it's like this ironing technique. If you haven't checked that, please check it out. That's it, actually that's it super easy but let's do one more time. One time and then do you feel like either side it's little bit tighter. Like when I do it, this is easier for me, and when I do the a little bit tighter because I have a bad habit to do. My, my face is like this, my shoulder is up and my head It's like this, that's my bad tendency habit that I'm trying to fix as far as still have a little bit tightness here when I do this here, then that's the case.You guys know which one is more tight right? And then do the tighter side one more. I get often question that um when I say do the tighter side one more, do the difficult side one more, people ask me my this side is saggy so should I do the saggy side? The answer doesn't matter because the reason of the saggy might, we don't know the reason cause I don't know you because I cannot see you. And so, um, doesn't matter which side is more saggy or up because I think I feel this is more saggy and this is more up, but I feel tighter on this side. So I should stretch this one more, so doesn't matter which side is saggy or not the thing you wanna know is which side is tighter or not. So you do the tighter side one more. So as a set let's do first one, is tighter side. Tighter side yeah, difficult side.And then one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. And then do the other side one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. And then do the tighter side to finish up. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten like this. And then because this is kind of a lot of stretch, a lot of stretch. Just reduced the tension, just don't do this in front of people because of COVID. Not because of just COVID the more relaxed cheek vibration the better. If you have TMJ pain, jaw pain, grinding, clenching or those issues n the jawline here. You might not want to do too much stretch be careful if you do too much, and then you might feel clicking sound that's too much be careful. You wanna do a little light stretch. I'm doing a lot because I don't have any problem. I'm used to it. Yeah. But if you're a beginner and you've never done it, and if you have that issue, you really wanna careful, like uh know your limit don't do that's too much for you. You wanna do this exercise one or two or three times per day. And each one is one set of ten seconds, ten seconds, ten seconds. So let's do one more time. First, know your tighter side, difficult side to stretch. You might guess this side. So and then this side is lifting up and this is stretch.And then, if you worry about the wrinkle, you can use finger to prevent it. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, and when you do it, people tend to be like, tend to do like this head is rotated, head straight always.Only the mouth is up and we are just position but head is straight and then yeah, ten seconds and then finish up the tighter side, tighter stretch like this, and then relax, cheek vibration to release the tension. If you're interested in other exercises check my face yoga App to find out more. If you're interested in teaching Koko face yoga method check my website kokofaceyoga.com and if you're interested in the summary of all the essential exercise, if you are in UK, Japan, or US take check my prime video Amazon prime and just search face yoga 101 and interesting, exciting news face Olympics coming up soon in end of July or early August. The date is TBD but it's an online event. So we gonna do it even if the Tokyo decided not to do the actual Olympics, but anyway, it's unofficial, unofficial event but we are very excited. So stay tuned. Thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserMay 1, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous More defined epicanthic folds Guest UserMay 5, 2021 Next Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye Guest UserApril 27, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix bulldog cheeks | Koko Yoga Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/29/bulldog"}
How to speak better way for anti-aging | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to speak better way for anti-aging Today, I'll discuss speaking techniques, particularly avoiding showing lower teeth as we age. With time, certain muscles, especially the blue muscles, weaken, while the red muscles become stronger. Mature individuals tend to show fewer lower teeth when speaking, while younger people tend to show more. It's important to refrain from overusing certain muscles to prevent skin sagging and facial drooping. Let's practice vowel sounds without excessive jaw movement to maintain a youthful appearance and reduce tension in the neck and facial muscles.1. Don't show lower teeth when speaking Exercise 1 involves using a mirror or your phone's selfie mode to check your mouth movements while speaking. Hold your fist in a hook shape and repeat after me, focusing on not showing your lower teeth. Practice saying various sentences like "Hello" and "I like carrots" while holding the hook position. Try talking to someone on the phone or Zoom while maintaining this posture for as long as possible. After a few minutes, release the hook and continue speaking with the same posture. Use a camera to ensure that your lower teeth are not prominently visible. This exercise helps train you to minimize showing your lower teeth while speaking.2. Tongue movementIs about being aware of your mouth and tongue movements. When speaking, focus on keeping your tongue in the upper part of your mouth rather than letting it rest on the lower chin. This helps avoid excessive tension on the lower chin and prevents the showing of lower teeth. Instead, imagine the air pressure hitting the palate and resonating in the nasal cavity, which is where the sound should be produced. By maintaining this positioning, you can achieve better resonance and clarity in your speech.3. Try to avoid throat speakingTip 3 advises against throat speaking and emphasizes the importance of maintaining relaxed shoulders and a down-turned neck when speaking. Throat speaking, also known as frog speaking or neck speaking, should be avoided. People with good-looking faces often have better voices due to favorable facial structures for sound production. To summarize the three exercises and tips: 1) Hold the chin position while talking, gradually releasing the finger support. 2) Direct the air pressure to hit the palate. 3) Keep the shoulders down and the neck relaxed to prevent throat speaking.SummaryThese exercises and tips aim to improve your speaking technique and enhance your vocal presence. Exercise 1 focuses on not showing lower teeth while speaking, using a hook hand posture and practicing with sentences to train yourself. The second tip emphasizes tongue placement, keeping it in the upper part of your mouth to avoid tension on the lower chin and achieve better resonance. Finally, tip 3 advises against throat speaking and encourages relaxed shoulders and a downward neck position for optimal vocal production. By incorporating these practices, you can enhance your speech clarity and overall presentation. Guest UserApril 8, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Move ears to lift up the face Guest UserApril 11, 2021 Next Fix Triple Eyelids Guest UserApril 5, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to speak better way for anti-aging | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/8/how-to-speak-better-way-for-anti-aging"}
5 tools to train nose breathing| Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 tools to train nose breathing Fluid and it comes out the other one more airflow past those little nose and you plug the other side. So I put it in, and push it up. That's easy.Hi everyone. Today, we have the same guest at the previous episode Kimi Nishimoto, who is a myofunctional therapist. And we talked about five amazing benefits, beauty benefits from nose breathing over mouth breathing. So if you haven't checked that, please go back to the previous one. I don't know where it is, but do that and assuming you have watched it. Today, let's move on to the, um, she's gonna introduce five interesting tools that we can try it right? Tell me about it. So these are my top five tips for If you have a stuffy nose or allergies or sinusitis. So a little background on me. I'm Kimi Nishimoto, I'm a myofunctional therapist. Uh, my practice is called mouth muscle memory, I'm a dental hygienist for 11 years and doing myofunctional therapy now as well. Um, so I realized that I had all of the symptoms of what's called myofunctional disorders, mouth breathing, tongue-tie, um, you know, jaw pain, sleep apnea, all that stuff.So I'm very passionate about it, and now I help people all over the country. So as a recovering mouth breather, I had to find a lot of tips on how to open this up cause there was a while I could not breathe through my nose. So these are my favorite, uh, products that I have found that have helped me a lot, and they helped my patients as well. How long have you been trying? How long have I been trying? Yeah. How long have you been trying to do nose breathe? Oh, let's see. I'm 31 now. And it's only been within the last two years. Oh okay, so very recent then. Very recent yeah. So, but wait, you are dental hygienist right? Hmm.But they don't teach you about the mouth breathing thing? Nope. Really the only thing they teach us is, if someone has very bad bleeding gums, like maybe they breathe through their mouth and then we just say, try not to breathe through your mouth. That's it? Yeah.Goodluck yeah, bye bye. Like. Wow. They don't really, have to come in a lot more often for their cleanings cause they're always bleeding and inflamed. So, because it's mouth breathing, it's opens dry. Hmm. Interesting, my another friend fay, um, dental hygienist she told me she learned more than 10 years ago at school, but on her textbook it clearly said when your face is resting, your tongue should be resting on the bottom. Is that true? No. I mean, In the school.Oh, when school? I was never taught anything about it and we're not really taught anything about it when we're in the field, so that's why myofunctional therapy is so special because you learn about where you're supposed to rest your tongue, how you should rest your face by doing all those things, you sleep better, you breathe better. You have less pain and tension in your jaw and it improves sleep apnea as well. Wow. You even, you even taught said that a bedwetting is one of the cause, is a result of a myofunctional disorder. Absolutely. Yeah. When somebody breathe through their mouth or their tongue is maybe falling into their breathing tube or the airway will create, um, your body has to change it's sleep level. So come in and out of sleep levels and that can make your body go into what's called sympathetic tone where your body's like kind of enough fight or flight mode, or you're not getting the proper hormones released when you go through those different sleep cycles. And then you, you wet the bed, wet the bed, or you have to get up often and go potty in the night. So getting up more than the night is a sign.Oh my gosh really? My brother used to when he was little, he was, he was wetting the bed, uh, futon in Japanese because we don't use a bed in Japan at that time. Anyway, we didn't know the reas, wedidn't know why this is happening to him. That's crazy. Yeah. It's really common. It's like the number one thing that we look forward with kids to have sleep-disordered breathing as if they wet the bed. Wow. And then adults, if they're having to get up multiple times a night to go to the bathroom, like that's usually a sign too. Wow. So okay. So anyway. Yeah. Let's um, let's move on to the five tools. Number one, what is it? Um, mute nasal dilators? Yes. What is that? These are called mute nasal dilators and it's a little ring that fits in your nostrils and pushes the nostrils open to give you more airflow. So I put it in, I push it up and now I have no problems breathing. Um, they're reusable and you can use them as many times as they last or you don't lose them. Um, it's really good for people with allergies or they get like sinus pressure.Um, it helps with dark circles cause you're getting more nasal breathing, more air. It's really good for people that light sleep snoring, they wake up often, sleep apne or sometimes we grind our teeth cause we need more air. So it's good for people with TMJ as well the cost is pretty cheap. Um, the trial pack that you can get on Amazon is like $15. Okay. And then, um, my concern would be, it doesn't expand the nostril stretched out? I would not like that. If so, um, I mean, my nostrils are a little bit small, so I probably need them to stretch a little bit, a little bit. Okay. But you were to see inside my nose, I have an x-ray. I have very large bones in here which are comfortable with, and then deviated septum where the nose inside is crooked. So this side here hardly works at all when I breathe very stuffy because of the anatomy.So I need something like this to kind of help push it out. Okay. Yeah. The only concern would be stretching too long because you're sleeping one third of the day. So just make sure that it's not really stretching, I think. Yeah. And there's different sizes too. So the trial pack, then you can see, okay. Maybe I like the smaller one and they can click out to make it smaller or wider. Oh, okay. You can adjust the size. Oh, okay. That's good. Yeah cool, cool. And do you feel like it's it's um, do you, do you like a mint smell or anything or just the silicone thing? It's just the silicone and it's really comfortable actually. Oh, okay. And you can use that even when you're not sleeping? Yes. Um, sometimes I'll use it when I'm running, because I will train myself to breathe through my nose while I actually, that's kind of good idea when you're running, you have to do not have to, uh, tend to the mouth breathing right?So there's actually really good benefits to training yourself, to nose, breathe for physical endurance. Oh. Even when you're doing a workout, if you can, it's really good. I see, I see that that's great idea then you might wear masks so people don't notice, it might look like the nose piercing? Yeah a little bit, I wish I could get a piercing like that then I could breathe easier. Yeah. So just make, just a color it and then make it like a fashion.That's a great business idea. Number two, extra strength breathe strips. What it is it? I don't know. So this is a really good product that you can find anywhere it's called. I think I've seen on Amazon or something. Yeah. It's really helpful. It's just, I personally liked the fabric one and the extra strength of your very, very congested or very stuffy, but it's really easy. You just have this little strip and you put it on the bridge of the nose and it just kind of helps to pull up the tissue so you can get more airflow past those little nose bones inside and it helps give you more airflow.If you feel stuffy. Um, the name brand, I think works a little bit better. Um, so try to avoid the clear one, unless you have like certain allergies or whatnot. Um, but they're pretty inexpensive. It's $16 for a box that comes with like 44. So that's like a month and a half supply. Technically all grocery stores in the pharmacy section. Yeah. I think that's very, very famous. I think I've tried it just to see, I didn't find any difference. So I threw away. I'm sorry, but because I don't even really use it, but does it have like mint, some things smell. Um, there's one that has a lavender smell, but like non flavored and it just kind of helps to pull up the skin. So if you were to grab your fingers right here Koko, and pull out to the side, if it makes you breathe better, then maybe that'd be, oh that's the same logic?If you kind of pull out on the side and it makes you breathe better, maybe you'd like the breathe right strip. If you push up here on the bridge of your nose, that helps you breathe better. Maybe you'd like the mute. Oh, okay. That's an interesting way to find out which one is good for you. That's what's helped me. So if you like, uh, like this and then it's better and then you try to piercing thing. Yeah, the mute. The other one, if you, if you like this, expand to the side and then do you feel any difference? So for me, my issue is down here. So I like the mute whereas my patients are like, I really liked the one up here. So just a little bit of trial and error. See what you like. Okay. But it's gonna expand a little bit, like stretch the nose? Yeah. Just kind of lifted up. Okay. Um, that's another concern if you're stretching too, if you want a concern about the flat nose and you wanna make it a little bit more higher and more, um, what's the word reshaping instead of a flat nose. And if you keep flattening long time, one third of the day, I would be a little bit concerned. I don't think it's necessarily flattening cause it's, it goes like this and it lifts up. Oh, okay. Mmm. So the adhesive pulls up on the skin. Okay. So it wouldn't be smashing. It would be lifting. Okay. Then that's good. Number three, sinus irrigating bottle. So this is a great product. If you have, um, allergies, sinus infections, uh, you don't like to use steroids or medications. You want something natural. Um, so this is called NeilMed sinus rinse it's a saline pouch. And then the squirt bottle also similars like the neti pot. I just like the squirt bottle a little bit more cause I think it's helpful for cleaning out more congestion. How, do you like a rinse it? So what you do is you put distilled water in this bottle and then add one of the saline pouches and mix it up and put it in one nostril and then gently squeeze. And then the water will go up this side of the nose and out the other.And it just helps to clean out all the mucus, the inflammation, um, the pollens and irritations that are up there. And then afterwards you can breathe very easily. So I like to do this if I have a cold or if I have aching face right here in my sinus or like a sinus headache in my forehead, I'll use this and just gently flush it out. And then it's amazing. Um, it's, non-chemical, it's saline um, and it's really inexpensive. It's like $11 for a kit. Okay. And I think I've kind of tried to do something like nose nasal rinsing in the past, but it was difficult. It's it's not, it's not for, it's not easy isn't it? So I liked the squirt bottle cause I have, um, a lot of congestion in here. So when I use the neti pot, I put it in and nothing would happen because it was stuck right up here. So I like the squirt bottle because you can just gently squeeze it and then get it to go up that side and down the other. Oh, okay. So it's not just a regular water liquid, but it's like a splash.You don't wanna do it super hard, but it's just like a little stream of water. Um, but it's, it's really good. It's really helpful. And it just takes a little bit of practice. So if it's gross to you to see everything coming out of your nose, maybe you just do it while you're in the shower and just lean your head forward, gravity pulls the water out. Oh, you head down and do like this coming from the mouth. So yeah, you breathe through your mouth and then you just lean forward and the water will go up and out this side, any lean forward. So the gravity just kind of takes all the water out the front. So the water's not going down your throat, the water come from here or here comes out your nose, actually your nose. Oh, the other one?Oh, I totally misunderstood. I thought it's coming from the mouth. No, no, no so just your nose, it goes in this nostril and it comes out the other one. Okay. So you wanna do the stuffy part stuffy non-dominant stuffy nose nostril? Uh, so what I do is I do both sides, so I make sure both sides are clean. So I, I personally will do like half a bottle on one nostril and then I'll switch and do the other one. But if I'm really congested, you could do one nostril with one bottle and then fill it up and then do the other one. And you wanna do like once a day as needed. Yeah. Just kind of as needed. So if you have really bad allergies or it's, um, your allergy season, you have a lot of hay fever, runny nose. You could do it every day or you could do it as needed if you're feeling pressure or a lot of congestion. Yeah. Maybe I should do because of my, I had some, since yesterday I have some red what it is. I don't know the name, some rash. I don't know what it is. So maybe I should do something like that to clear the bad stuff. Yeah, I mean, I really don't know. I don't think it could hurt. Number four, nasal spray.So I have allergies and a lot of congestion and things like that. So, well, I like to use now is called X. It's called clear, but it's pronounced with an X. So it's X, L, E, A, R so it helps with congestion. And the reason I like it is it's very natural. It's like an elevated form of saline spray. Plenty of people use saline spray and they're like kind of help kind of didn't. This one I really like, cause it's saline, but they also added xylitol, which is antibacterial. So it helps kill bacteria in the nose area. It's got grape seed oil, so it's moisturizing. So it helps to reduce inflammation of the nose, reduces swelling, moisturizes cleans. Um, it's safe for any age because it's natural and there's no steroids in there. So I like the green one because it's got it's called daily relief. It's very gentle. So you spray it, did something come out? Not like that? Just spray, just a spray so you do.Oh, that's it. And then on the other side, Oh, that's easy. Oh, I like it because I was, I'm a bit scared of doing the nasal water thing. I've tried it didn't I, I got it's a bit scary, but this one is very good. Um, I used to only be able to breathe through my nose if I use flonase, and I have been able to win off flonase, which is a steroid to this one and I actually felt better using the non-steroid. So a big fan of Xlear. Now the cost on it is pretty cheap. It's only like 10 to $17 for a bottle and it lasts like one month or more. Uh, I think a little bit more actually, depending on how far you use it. The other nice thing about the Xlear is you can use it a couple times a day. If you need to, if it's very stuffy, so you can use it two to three times a day and that's all right, because it's not a steroid. So you don't have a limit on how often you can use it.Number five, menthol nasal inhaler. So if you've ever had a cold and you, but like cough, what is it? Chest rub or cough medicine under your nose. And you're like, Oh my gosh, I can breathe all of a sudden that's the same concept of using a nasal inhaler. Um, so what it looks like, um, this one is called boom, boom, which is a great one. Um, you put it in your nose and you plug the other side. Oh, a little smell and then do the other side. And then afterwards it, um, helps you to feel the airflow because everything feels cold, feel the air goes in and out. So it's really nice when you're feel stuffy or anxious because you're like, I can't get enough air through my nose. I don't like it. Feel the air going down so you can feel okay. I can breathe through my nose more than I thought I could.Um, so it's really awesome if, um, you're stuffy or anxious or you're a mouth breather, who's really trying to nose breathe, but you don't know if you're doing it well, enough allergies or just feeling like, kind of out of breath. It helps you to like calm down and feel the airflow release clearly. Okay. So it's, it's like, uh, same as a previous one spray, but it's not the spray, but like a stick. So there's nothing like squirting inside of your nose. It's just aroma therapy. Okay. Kind of like when you smell an essential oil, so there's nothing squirting out. You're just smelling with aroma therapy, but the mint and the menthol makes everything feel very cold. Yeah. I would like to try that. Yeah. Just one warning is that you don't wanna put this too long and then you gonna stretch out the nostril and nostril become bigger.So don't do like one minute. That would be too long. Maybe you wanna just like one, one second. Yeah. I mean, you just need to do one breath or maybe two breaths. If you're really stuffy, just don't do too long and just as needed, like maybe you only have to do it like once a day, maybe twice or you do before you go to bed, you know? Um, so there's lots of different kinds. This one's called boom, boom. That's a cute name. The good thing about boom is they have all sorts of different flavors. They have like a Berry flavor, a tropical flavor. I saw they had a watermelon or a mint. So if you don't like, or especially young people, they don't like mint stuff cause it's too cold to them. Or there's ones we have, we'll have a link in the description that will be, um, I found in Thailand actually they use a lot of menthol for like everything. So that's where I kind of discovered them. And then I've found different products along the way. When I found at the dollar store, it's just like a Himalayan pink seat, pink salt. And it's the same. You just put in your nose.Mmm. Immediately it opens you up. So they're amazing. Wow. That's amazing. That's really good. Yeah. And it's natural. It's non-chemical and helps your body just to breathe better on its own just by feeling that coldness. Mmm. Yeah. That's super important because yeah, they, the oxygen is super important for all over the body, including the skin. So if you wanna have beautiful skin, you need a good oxygen. You want to get it from here? Yeah. I was reading something interesting the other day by asking the dentist there, um, an Instagram and you can find their website too, but it was saying that nitric oxide, the gas that your nose makes actually has anti-aging properties cause it helps to slow the, um, what is it? The chromosomes that tend to break apart as we get older, it helps to slow that process down. So I thought that would be really great. I also read the article that the natural nitric oxide might help you.Um, what's the word on like a block coronavirus too might. Yeah. Yeah. It helps you to fight coronavirus because you're breathe through your nose, which is a filter system. So the more you breathe through your mouth, the less filtering of the air that you have versus you breathe through your nose. It's more, um, it's cleaner, it's more hydrated. It's just a lot better all around. You're less likely to get sick in general, if you breathe through your nose, I think I did in the past video about the nitric oxide. So check it out. If you're interested in here, you wanna know more about Kimi's activity, all about myofunctional therapy, right? Yes. Yeah. Check out, check her link in description box below. Okay. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserMarch 30, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 2, 2021 Next 5 Beauty reasons why you should nose breathe over mouth breathe Guest UserMarch 27, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 tools to train nose breathing| Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/30/5-tools-to-train-nose-breathing"}
How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 2, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Triple Eyelids Guest UserApril 5, 2021 Next 5 tools to train nose breathing Guest UserMarch 30, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/31/how-to-eat-in-a-better-way-for-anti-aging"}
How to fix triple eyelid or saggy eyelid Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Triple Eyelids It's like this.Hi everyone. Today, I would like to talk about how to fix triple eyelid or saggy eyelid. But first, let me explain why the triple eyelids or saggy eyelid like this and the eye become shrink smaller that kind of thing happens. With age, the blue one is orbicularis oculi muscle. Eye muscle become weaker, weaker, weaker, weaker, weaker. And the red one become more overworking so stronger, stronger, stronger, stronger. So this, if you wanna have more defined bigger or more defined eye look and um, prevent the saggy looked, you really wanna um, train this orbicularis oculi muscle, which we gonna do today. The other thing I would like to talk about is there's eye socket here bone. There's a hole on our skull inside this eye socket there's a eyeball this your eyeball, right? There's eyeball then around the eyeball there's a fat to protect the important item, because it's important to see.So, but with age, the muscle orbicularis oculi muscle become weak, and then the fat drops down. PPPPPPPP down. And then this is, this is not chin but eyebag happens. And then because the upper fat drops down, there's not enough fat or muscle here. It's and then the leftover skin is gonna cause uh, triple eyelid or saggy. Hopefully, this makes understanding a little bit easier. Um, let's say this is your upper eyelid, upper eyelid here. And then if there's fat and muscle enough, it's like, it's more fuller, right? But if, um, if the fat and muscle disappears, it gets shrinky, shrinky, and wrinkly right? And that's the triple eyelid and the saggy because the leftover skin does not have any space to go anywhere so it just hang. So we gonna today, work on three exercise and tips. Let's do it.Number one, lower eyelid lift up. If you have followed me long time, you must know this because I keep talking about this very, very important. Your orbicularis oculi eye muscle is, in general sleeping, but lower eyelid is super duper sleeping, more sleeping. It's very sleeping. So we try to lift up lower eyelid only without using any other muscles. Let me show you how so it's like this. Look at my lower eyelid.You see it? I'm trying not to move any other areas. Try this in front of mirror, please. If this up, down, up, down, up down is too fast for you. Try like slowly. up, down, up, down, up, down, mm, mm, mm. Slowly, quality is more important than quantity. Sometimes people do.Mouth is moving or other areas are moving. Try not to do that check your mirror. And if, if this makes things easier, let's try this peace, hold it and look down and then up, down, up, down, up, down, and you see the movement. So visually it makes things a little bit easier or, O face or 45 degree and you can try, um, yeah, just to kick start the movement because it's super sleeping but personally, I don't like stretching the philtrum, becomes philtrum becomes longer, which is not good. So you don't wanna do it too long. You don't wanna too, too long. My suggestion is only 10 times, but quality, good quality lift up 10 repetition only per day.Exercise number two, so this exercise incorporate the previous exercise.That's what we gonna do it together. So first put your fingers on your forehead because we gonna open your eyes as big as possible and then squint and open squint we gonna do three times. But during the repetition, I don't want your eyebrow to move like, like this, like this, this is a bad example. I'm causing wrinkle here, right? So that's, that's not good. So open, squint uh, open without moving eyebrows that's why you freeze it with a finger and pinkies are on your eyebrow to feel the movement of the eyebrows like this. And then if I say this, people tend to do this like this, because they're focused, which is good, but I would like you to relax the body. So shoulder down, pinkies here. Don't you don't have to stretch or anything. You don't have to cause wrinkle like this. That's not good.So don't do that. Just simply touching here, shoulder down, and then let's do three repetition. First open as big as possible. And imagine your fire or something is coming from there without moving eyebrow. And then slowly, slowly squint. Slowly squint and try to lift up your lower eyelid, even though the both moves the previous exercise, like this, try to lift up the lower eyelid almost close and almost close a little bit more, but don't completely close it like this, and then slowly open. And when you open eyebrow tried to move up, right? So try to stop it. Stop a little bit down. You might need to do that. And then open, and then slowly squint, slowly, slowly, slowly squint, but try to lift up the lower eyelid a little bit more closer and then almost close. And then you keep doing this though, and then slowly open without moving forehead without moving eyebrow, without moving anywhere else, as big as possible.And then last one slowly, slowly, slowly squint, lower eyelid lift up. And then let's do one more time. The last one slowly close. And then slowly open it's like this very intense, my recommendation. Um, only one set and each set is three repetition open, squint, open, squint, open, squint only one set per day that's it.Because it's super important to keep doing it. Instead of doing so many things at once, and you stopped doing it tomorrow and that's not good so it's easier to continue If it's only one set and again, quality matters more than quantity. Tip number three, stop doing bad facial expression of body habit. Stop doing that. For example, you might be doing like, like this and it's stretching like this. See, it's stretching. Eye area skin is very, very thin. So if you stretch like this all the time, if it's temporary, it's okay, but if you're doing it, the skin is gonna stretch. And then the stretch skin is gonna hang and that cause saggy or triple eyelid. Also, if you are doing side sleeping, please be careful not to do like this. And then sleeping eight hour per day. That will be really bad. So my idea is my favorite is back sleeping always, but I understand it's hard to train that. So if you have to do, um, side sleeping it's okay, but um try not to really do this stretching thing. Try not to touch the eye area as much as possible. Did you guys notice that I have huge eyelash I'm practicing, but also when you take it off, really be careful because if you don't really use enough oil or anything it might pull the skin and that cause more triple eyelid and saggy .So when you remove eyebrow uh, not eyebrow uh, eyelash makeup or anything do not pull, do not pinch, do not be bad, be gentle all the time. Rubbing, rubbing, I actually did the rubbing, how to rub your eye video if you haven't watched it please try it. Uh, but rubbing is not good. I think surprisingly forehead matters because forehead and eye area are so related, the more you use forehead up and like this up, up, up, up, up motion the eye muscle orbicularis oculi muscle become weak and then you get the saggy or triple eyelid. So try to keep your eyebrow as a frozen as possible. As I checked all the comments I really appreciate on my YouTube channel. I read everything. So I see sometimes people saying, Oh, too much plastic surgery, too much filler, botox or anything but no botox or anything I'm 42 years old. I turned to 42 years old, um, couple of weeks ago, but this is the maximum I can do. This is a maximum. Yes, because I stopped doing I at the age of 27.I realized the more I do this, the more become, I need more Botox, but you cannot do that. It's expensive. So I stopped doing this motion every time I looked up, I used to do like this and looking up, not good. So you wanna look up so that you don't have to use this muscle and as freeze as possible. So no botox, but it's super freezing, frozen and you can do it too. I did my plastic surgery failure sorry, my chin so check it out if you're interested in. Okay. Now we talked about triple eyelid. Now, what about monolid? I understand some people want to have monolid, which surprised me because I thought monolid in general, not everyone, but the in general, lots of people want to have double, double eyelid. So I was surprised, but the more, the same request is coming.Keep coming. So I wanted to talk about this quick, but if you have beautiful double eyelids, you wanna really appreciate it. You wanna keep it and did the video about the five mountain valley, mountain valley, mountain valley thing. Check it out if you haven't watched the video if you're interested in, but the double eyelid is one of the mountain valley thing that you would like to keep, so if you have that already, please keep it. Please appreciate it because that's beautiful at the same time monolid It's very sexy too. So I think you should, we should appreciate what we have already and enhance it and maintain it and feel more beautiful and confident if you are interested in other exercises checked my face yoga app, I found an android available. And if you're interested in teaching my method check my website kokofaceyoga.com and if you're Interested in summary of all the exercises, essential exercises check um, go to amazon prime and face yoga 101. Thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserApril 5, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to speak better way for anti-aging Guest UserApril 8, 2021 Next How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 2, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to fix triple eyelid or saggy eyelid", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/5/how-to-fix-tripple-eyelids"}
Why You Should Nose Breathe Over Mouth Breath Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Beauty reasons why you should nose breathe over mouth breathe Uh, Panda isn't it? Panda is like more well, I cannot do that right now, but like this right? Like this yeah oh, I didn't know.Hi everyone. Today, we have a special guest. My Japanese friend Kimi Nishimoto who is amazing myofunctional therapist. Hi, I'm Kimi Nishimoto, I do myofunctional therapy online, which is like physical therapy for your tongue, your lips, your cheeks. And I use it to help people breathe better and sleep better and deal with pain in the head and neck area. So today we are going to introduce five reasons why you wanna do nose breathing over mouth, breathing for beauty purpose. Number one, sharper jawline tell me about it. So when we breathe with our mouth, everything tends to just sag. Um, for example, when I was growing up, I always had to breathe through my mouth. So I looked like this loose jowl everything was just hanging. So when we breathe through our nose, we keep our lips together. It keeps everything forward and nice and relaxed creates a nice sharper jawline. Number two, dark circle. Tell me why dark circle and nose are related. It looks like two different things. So when I see someone with dark circles, I tell myself they don't sleep very well. And usually poor sleep quality is related to mouth breathing. When we breathe through our mouth, our body has to try very hard to breathe. It's not as efficient versus our nose creates a gas, which helps everything to relax all and open up all of the vessels and it dilates all the tissues, better blood flow, and less dark circles. So it's not, it's more like a qualities, sleep quality I think when you do nose breathing, sleep quality will be bad. Then you get, yeah, because the sleep quality is not good that's why you get the dark circle. Yes. It's like part sleep, quality and circulation and all the blood flow. You get much better blood flow when you breathe through your nose. So even if you try to sleep, um, long time, if the quality is not good, you still gonna get dark circle. Exactly, yeah so it's really not good. Number three, double chin like this one, how come its nose and double chin are related? So when we breathe through our mouth, everything hangs like we talked about before and the mouth and the tongue have to drop low in the mouth. The double chin is actually the base of your tongue. So I can improve the look of my double chin by breathing through my nose and lifting my tongue up. Can you do the side view? Okay. Yeah. And the one thing related to the previous one, but when the jaw is down and then mouth, the maxilla is gonna be down too. Then you, they, you have a eye socket here, right? And this eye socket is gonna kind of, uh, drop too. Then, um, the it's like the, your hollow the no hollow the eye socket is gonna be down so you get the big hole here. So there's a eye and there's, um, this is like eye bag area, but this, because the eye socket bone is down because this yellow is down. You get more like hollow and the here of a, not above, under the eye and that creates more like dent and that cause more shadow or shade that makes it, makes it look like more eye bag.Even if it's not eye bag it looks like more dark circle here I think it's dark called dark circle. Yeah. It's so that's why it's, it's all related even the tongue. Yep. That's a great point. When somebody doesn't have their tongue up, everything just kind of droops and you see more under eye and the white part. Yeah. Oh, you mean like this white part is gonna be more? Yeah, you see more white under the eyes like, uh, uh, Panda! Isn't it? Panda is like more, well, I cannot do that right now, but like this, right? Like this yeah, Oh, I didn't know. So in general, for beauty, you wanna have more dark, what's the name of this? I forgot pupil or Iris?The dark one? Yeah, the Iris. Iris yeah, you wanna have more Iris in the dark. It's called one, one, one, one, one -two one. The width of is one two one that's called a golden facial ratio. It's it's considered the beauty, but if you have this, I don't know Is there a name for this in English? There is a sanpaku gan in Japanese, but I don't know in. We call it the sclera is showing where there's a lot of white down there. Oh, oh okay. Well, that's interesting. I didn't know because yeah, you wanna, in general, you wanna have more, more Iris dark one. Not, not this or this. You don't wanna do that. So tongue is related, I didn't know. Number four, smooth lip soft lip, lip.So when we mouth breathe, we tend to get a lot of saliva like a pools there. And it's really, really easy to lick our lips. When our mouth is open, the more we lick our lips, the more dry they get. So they get more chaps, they get those little, uh, sores in the side of the mouth and some get that rash around the edge of the lips. And it's from saliva. So if you learn to breathe with your nose, keep lips gently sealed, it keeps the saliva off, so your lips are smoother, softer, less chaps. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I did a video, um, about, um, fuller lips and more how to keep not dry the mouth, how to keep, keep your lips moist without chapstick so check it out if you haven't watched it. And then last one number five, drooling I didn't know this words so I have to google and I didn't drooling, drooling, drawing I didn't know how to pronounce but tell me about it. So again, when our mouth is open, it's really easy for the liquids to fall out. So a lot of times with kids when they're in school and they're mouth breathing and they're working on their papers, the saliva will just fall out of their mouth and they'll drool. Same thing with babies, but it can happen to anyone like to be real. When I was in my twenties, I didn't know that mouth breathing was bad. I did it all the time. Sometimes I'd be sitting there talking or just sitting there working on something and just drool would come out. Oh, like here, um, sometimes I'll decide or sometimes just out the front. That is the science of myofunctional disorder when your lips are not strong and the saliva just comes out. So it can be embarrassing. And we always wanna look like our best selves.So lips together to keep everything inside. What about the one you're do um, people do when you're sleeping? It happened to me, um, long time ago. I think it was, I was, I was not doing this. So it was open when I'm sleeping and then saliva is like dropping is it same as dro-drooling.? Yes, exactly. That's what we call like nighttime drooling. And it's when the lips are not fully sealed, the saliva will leak out the side. Yeah. And then you'll sometimes get those like little crusties or like sores right there in the corner of the mouth. It's a sign that either your mouth was open in your sleep or you've been mouth breathing at nighttime.The thing about mouth breathing is it's the path of least resistance. So if your mouth is open, it's so much easier to breathe through that than your nose so we have to create barriers. We do our lip, I teach you to keep your tongue up and that helps to keep everything closed and forward in the airways. Okay. Just to summarize again, we wanna breathe through our nose because it is a cleaning system. It filters out the dirty air. It produces nitric oxide, which has an anti-inflammatory effect and opens up the vessels in your body to give you better circulation, better blood flow, better sleep quality. There’s lot of amazing things that happen when we breathe through our nose. Yeah sleep quality is yeah uh beauty sleep yeah, if you wanna have beauty sleep you have to do nose breathing. It’s impossible to have a beautiful sleep with mouth breathing because of those reasons I think. yeah. cool so um now you might be wondering okay so how we can train nose breathing? Uh, so Kimi has some amazing idea of some kind of uh, interesting tool in the next episode. so stay tuned if you’re interested in.Okay. Thank you very much bye. Guest UserMarch 27, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 tools to train nose breathing Guest UserMarch 30, 2021 Next Don't do those while working out Guest UserMarch 24, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why You Should Nose Breathe Over Mouth Breath", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/27/5-beauty-reasons-why-you-should-nose-breathe-over-mouth-breathe"}
Don't do those while working out | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Don't do those while working out You don't need to do too much work for the upper one, because it's already overworking like this. I don't know about this.Hi everyone. Today, I would like to talk about what you should not be doing while working out. Let me introduce five don'ts If you're interested in beautifying your face. Number one, do not overwork the upper trapezius muscle as we are at desk, computer like this, or phone all the time always, always doing like bad posture. So upper trapezius is very, very overworking. Middle trapezius is less overworking and the lower trapezius is sleeping so it's okay to train the lower one and the middle one, but in my opinion, I think you don't need to do too much work for the upper one because it's already overworking. The more you overworked this pre-overworking muscle here, upper trapezius you gonna get more shoulder pain or neck pain or those things. And that can be lots of tension here, which is connected to SCM the neck muscle that is connected here right? So it's gonna, it's gonna sag the face.Common exercise you might be doing is like this, like this, like this, or like, like this or like this, or there are many ways to do the upper trapezius middle trapezius, lower trapezius is good to good to train. But in my opinion, I don't know unless you are some bodybuilder or some special athlete who need this, you need to train this and then it's fine. But for regular people like us, I don't know about this. You can do it, but you just don't want to overdo it. But I am not fitness trainer. I am a facial muscle expert, but not body muscle so I'd love to know what you think If you're interest, if you have other opinion or advice or feedback, please let me know. Number two, clenching when you're doing like, not grinding but too much you know that you TCH right? If you haven't checked TCH video please do. Upper teeth, lower teeth should not be touching all the time in, in my understanding because that's caused unnecessary tension and you wanna do, you wanna have good tension on the let's say you're doing like a, I mean, this is not my favorite because it can cause this overworking muscle, but let's say like this, you're doing the upper um, oh biceps that's not good. Yeah. The pressure is very strong. It's too much. The more you think you gonna get this red one is gonna be overworked too much, Especially risorius masseter, especially if you have TMJ pain or jaw pain you don't wanna do this. Clenching can cause more square face. Number three, EEE same as similar to clenching but worst one is and it causing the line. The neck line, neck is always especially SCM and trapezius, always overworking muscle, you don't wanna overwork here so, and it causing like this, it's harder for you to see it but cause I don't really do it. So I cannot show it to you guys. But I often saw pre-COVID when I was at the gym, I saw the people who has lots of, lots of, lots of, lots of lines here which is not good. That's gonna, it's connected again here. So everything is gonna be sag If you train more muscle here this line.Number four, mouth breathing. I mean, you have to do the mouth breathe when you're doing. I totally understand and I do that too but try to do nose breathing as much as possible because mouth breathing is, it's a, it's like, um, urgent way to breathe because you're losing breath and then it's okay. But, um, in general, if it's a light exercise, try to do nose more than mouth. Next video I'm going to do some, uh, Kimi who's my friend, Japanese friend, and she's a myofunctional therapist, dental hygienist. So she's gonna introduce me about the importance of why nose breathing matter for the face for beauty purpose and health purpose and how to, how to train that as well. So stay tuned. Number five, duck lip and breathing like a and first of all, you're doing mouth breathing, which is not good. And then do like this is cause gonna wrinkle wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle and this, this one, this one chin tension you don't wanna you don't wanna have chin tension, you don't wanna cause wrinkle. That's why I don't like using um, water bottle at the gym lots of people do water bottle and I do that too for the convenience purpose. But if you do have to do water bottle, let me try this. This is not water bottle. I don't have it, but cause I don't use it. It's like this and you have to do like this right? Straw is worse water bottle is not my favorite either, either because you have to do it like this. I did a video about how to drink so check it out. So those are five don'ts at the gym because my gym just finally resumed after more than one year of closure because of the pandemic. Yeah. I don't think I'm gonna go back to the gym, but cause I'm more so more used to online gym, but anyway five don'ts, don't work on trapezius because you're already working so hard. Don't do clenching. Don't do E muscle here. Don't do like this yeah that's gonna worse the sagging.And try to do nose breathing as much as possible when you're doing the light, light exercise. And the last one was don't duck lip and drinking water not drinking water and the breathing at the same time. But the like this and breathing or drinking water bottle not my favorite try to minimize. If you're interested in other exercise check my face yoga app, interested in teaching face yoga check my kokofaceyoga.com website to learn about the instructor certification course and if you're interested in all the summary of all the exercises check my um, type koko face yoga, faceyoga 101 on prime video thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserMarch 24, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter 0 Likes Previous 5 Beauty reasons why you should nose breathe over mouth breathe Guest UserMarch 27, 2021 Next How to keep lips moisturized Guest UserMarch 18, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Don't do those while working out | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/24/dont-do-those-while-working-out"}
Move ears to lift up the face — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Move ears to lift up the face Today, let's discuss the benefits of ear movement and how to train it. If you can wiggle or move your ears, it indicates that the surrounding muscles and scalp muscles are active. This can help lift your face when you smile. By activating these muscles, you can achieve a subtle lift. Let's explore three exercises to awaken these muscles. Before focusing on the ear muscles, it's important to warm up the scalp muscles. Let's get started!1. Scalp massage lift up the occipitalis muscleIn the first step of the training, we focus on activating the scalp muscles before addressing the dormant ear muscles. Since our regular facial expressions and lifestyle don't require much ear movement, these muscles tend to be inactive. We will target three areas: the big occipital muscle, the area between the ears, and the area around the ears. >Big Occipital Muscle: Begin by hooking your fingers into the scalp and gently moving them for one minute. Avoid massaging the hair directly, instead focusing on the scalp to prevent hair damage.>Area Between the Ears: Place your fingers in this region and apply gentle pressure for another minute. Keep your shoulders relaxed throughout the exercise.>Area Around the Ears: Now, focus on the area around the ears. Hook your fingers and move the scalp in this area for one minute. Be mindful not to pull or damage the hair. These scalp muscle activation exercises prepare the muscles for further training. Stay tuned for the next steps to train your ears.2. Lift up ear using your fingersI'm actively lifting my ears using my fingers as a starting point. I count 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 while lifting with my fingers. Then, I try to lift my ears without finger movement, but with fingers touching them to sense the movement. It's a subtle movement, but noticeable. When I lift my ears, my lower eyelids also move due to the connected muscles. I repeat this exercise to improve, focusing on feeling the movement without actually moving my fingers.3. Freeze forehead exerciseIn this exercise, we focus on the connection between the eyebrow and the ears. When we raise our eyebrows, our ears may move slightly. However, we want to avoid overworking the muscles and keep our forehead and eyebrows still. Place your fingers to stabilize the forehead and pinkies on the eyebrows to ensure they don't move. Keep your shoulders down and try to lift your ears. Repeat this exercise 10 times.Summary: The training begins with a scalp massage to activate the dormant occipitalis muscle and prepare for ear muscle exercises. Three areas are targeted: the big occipital muscle, the area between the ears, and the area around the ears. Gentle scalp movements in these areas awaken the muscles without damaging the hair. Next, we lift the ears using fingers as a starting point, gradually transitioning to lifting without finger movement while maintaining touch to sense the movement. This exercise enhances ear muscle strength and control, with possible slight movement in the lower eyelids due to muscle connections. The freeze forehead exercise focuses on the relationship between eyebrows and ears. By stabilizing the forehead and keeping the eyebrows still, we prevent muscle overwork. With relaxed shoulders, we lift the ears and repeat the exercise for improved coordination. Guest UserApril 11, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix frown lines between eyebrows Guest UserApril 14, 2021 Next How to speak better way for anti-aging Guest UserApril 8, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Move ears to lift up the face — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/9/move-ears-to-lift-up-the-face"}
Fix frown lines between eyebrows | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix frown lines between eyebrows Massage to relax the muscle. Touching my oblique like this and the 90 degree here. Reprogram the facial muscles not to in.Hi everyone. Today, I would like to talk about how to fix 11th line this peep, peep which is not good. The reason why you get this 11th, two lines between eyebrows is the corrugator muscle, this, um, this bright red one. This is very, very strong, always in, in, in the more you do it, muscle memory and then remembers, and it's harder to fix it. So today we gonna do three exercises and tips to really try to improve this situation. Let's do it. Number one, let's relax the corrugator muscle with fingers. I'm gonna use this one, two, three fingers, and then like this actually, I'm gonna use dominant hand so that it trains the dominant, not dominant hand and then I think because I tried to use non-dominant hand to improve my body symmetry and the facial symmetry. So use your fingers then like this one, two, three, and then just like this gentle massage and one minute, or if you like, you can do like this one, two, three, never-mind this dark thing I think it's just makeup. One, two, three, and then whichever easier for you is good. Or you can do, you can use a here too. If that's easier for you, whatever easier is good. Just gentle massage like this one minute. Yep. Let's do it. You don't have, you don't have to do that hard just to relaxing, to warming up this area right now. I like, maybe this easier.One minute try, you don't have to do hard and then can wrinkle you don't wanna do that. So gently, gently, gently massaging like this, fingers or knuckles or this side view of the finger, like this, whichever you like is good. Yep. Okay. Actually, I already did one minute. So let's finish this. You can do like this, like two fingers like this or like this that's okay too. But the problem is that it's tend to in and out, in-out, in-out, in you don't wanna in too much because that's the bad muscle. So that's why I like using only one hand non-dominant hand, ideally, and just, just then gentle massage, I think it's safer. And then let's find the two mountains on the forehead, corrugator muscle. So use your finger, and the touch it, gently touch it. And you find a piece moves and then, there are two mountain here, right? Corrugator muscle. So that's what you wanna break down with the fist, with the knuckle by doing the face shiatsu technique. This is my favorite every time I do skincare, I do this. So hold on one side and then you find the two mountain, right? So the first mountain here break down one, two, three, four, five out. Let's do one more one, two, three, four, five, and the other side one, two, three, four, five. One, two, three, four, five.This is what I do almost every day. When I do skincare and it's gets red, but it's super temporary. So don't worry about too much. You should not feel pain. A little bit pain is okay though, just by doing this, this area might have might be little bit relaxed so check your mirror. And then the line might be a little bit reduced already. But to be honest, this massage technique is you have to do regular basis almost every single day. Ideally, otherwise, you don't see good results and it's temporary. That's why you have to do every single day. So I think it's very, very important to try not to do this use the muscle that's why the next exercise is gonna reprogram the muscle not to in. Exercise number two, In general when you're stressed or focused, or frustrated, nervous or something we tried to focus in the eye is like this in a little bit, you I'm exaggerating, but my eye, eye is gonna be in. And the muscle is in as well. So let's recreate the, create the habit, but try not to try not to in here, which means like this, use your fingers on top of the corrugator muscle, this 11th area to prevent it. So, um, you touch it here and then on purpose, on purpose you open your eyes as big as possible, like this without raising eyebrows and then tried to like uh, in. So if I'm not using my finger, I'm doing like this inside muscle, which is not good. So you kind of tried to do the in this in that creates this, which is bad. But on purpose, you do it squint and then create the 11th line. But you don't actually do it because you're holding with a finger and stopping the motion. So it's squinting. And then, but without finger, you gonna create 11th. So with the finger you stopping the 11th line like this, and then relax then squint.And they create, try to create the wrinkles, but actually don't create it and then relax, and then again squint and then stop the wrinkles And then one more time, two more time, relax, then squint 11th lines coming up without fingers that's why you're using the fingers to prevent it and then again relax. Don't do like this. You don't wanna, you don't wanna have bad tension in the shoulder or neck so shoulder, relax shoulder down. And then last one, squint try to create the 11th, but you are actually not creating because of the, because the fingers are stopping. And then relaxed. Tired did you get it? The purpose of this exercise is to reprogram the facial muscles, not to in not to move inward. Even when you are squinting your eyes or try to focus on something in front of mirror or those. Number three, this is the most important thing because we gonna try to fix bad habits to do this inward motion. For example, every time I wake up, I tried to wake up early morning, so it's still dark. And then when I turn on the light, it's very bright, suddenly bright. So I tend to do this squinting 11th motion. So in order not to do that, I touch it stop that muscle, and then turn on the lights so that I do not cause from here. Basically, whenever every time you know that you are doing this motion, you wanna stop it stop. You don't have to say peep motion that's my thing I'm just kidding, but stop it. And then, for example, you're constipated and you are really trying to produce a good quality poop. And then often you do this thing. So you are, you wanna stop it and then. Also when you go out, if it's so bright and very bright people tend to if you don't have sunglasses you gonna it's too bright and then you cause wrinkle, right? So stop it. But the best solution is to wear sunglasses. So it protects the eye area as well. So never forget sunglasses, but if you have to, if you forgot for some reason, if you don't have it and then just, just like, hold it with, um, with the fingers so that it's not too bright or hold it here. And then walk, I absolutely did a video about desks. So there are two mirrors one, one all the time so that I can, I can check my face posture and make sure that I'm not wrinkling here all the time. Body posture is super important especially when you're sitting at desk because we work or study or something at desk all the time right? And if the computer is here and then there's a, there's a screen and the computer here, see, um, this is like the angle of the elbow is like, like, like this what's the word, more 120 degree or something maybe. So we tend to look like this. And then you frown here to focus to the screen here. So I like what I like. And I recently learned, and I'm doing is putting my elbow next to myself. So it's like a 90 degree. This elbow and arm is 90 degree like this. So I have a different remote Bluetooth. Um, what's the name? Board and keyboard separately from the laptop. So that, and then I can do this. If it's like here, I have to do like this and tend to frown and the bad posture.So I, like, I tried to put my elbow next to myself, touching my oblique like this, and then 90 degree here. And then I tried to have bigger, bigger screen as well because if the screen is small like phone, phone screen is very small. And then we tend to read it close and then frown more. So the bigger monitor you use the better. When we have to look up something and then closely like this, like this, and then see so much tension, tension, tension, tension, tension and cause so you might also wanna blink slowly. I did a video about how to blink, blink, blink, yeah how to blink, check it out If you're interested in. So, we did three exercise and tips today. First one was a massage to relax the muscle corrugator muscle and then one, two, three, four, five, or 10 break down the muscle knot muscle mountain, muscle rocks by doing face shiatsu And number two was hold it and then on purpose squint and then try to create the 11th but you're not really doing it because you're preventing, preventing the line with a fingers. So this is a way to train reprogram the muscle, not to squint not to frown here, even when you are stressed. And the last one was habit. There's so many bad habit that probably you might be doing I'm a bit, I'm doing it too. So yeah. So that's it. But the fixing the bad facial expression habit that's the most important thing. Thank you so much for watching. We have a great exciting announcement actually I'm doing, we are doing face Olympics. What is face Olympics the details coming up soon, but, um, exciting online zoom, but the youtube live event, we are planning with other instructors and then my methods. So that's super exciting. And then we're gonna recruit other participants of course, because I wanna make it more interacting, interesting, engaging, and interactive. And of course and so stay for that and face yoga app if you haven't tried it. And if you're interested in teaching face yoga check my website kokofaceyoga.com and if you're interested in learning the summary of all the essential exercises check prime video koko face yoga actually face yoga 101 just search it and you find it England and USA and Japan. Thank you so much see on the next video bye. Guest UserApril 14, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make Nostrils Slimmer & Follow Golden Ratio | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 17, 2021 Next Move ears to lift up the face Guest UserApril 11, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix frown lines between eyebrows | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/12/11th-lines"}
5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 6, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 9, 2021 Next Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines Guest UserMarch 3, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/4/5-bad-habits-to-cause-asymmetrical-nose"}
Jaw Exercise To Fix Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Jaw Exercise To Fix Asymmetrical Face Guest UserApril 23, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye Guest UserApril 27, 2021 Next Reduce Forehead Lines Guest UserApril 20, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Jaw Exercise To Fix Asymmetrical Face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/23/jaw-exercise-to-fix-asymmetrical-face"}
Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines Guest UserMarch 3, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 6, 2021 Next 5 Tips to improve your face at desk Guest UserFebruary 28, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/3/fix-jowl-amp-marionette-lines"}
Make Nostrils Slimmer & Follow Golden Ratio Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make Nostrils Slimmer & Follow Golden Ratio | Koko Face Yoga In today's video, I want to discuss the golden facial ratio for nostrils and share techniques to shrink them. Although this ratio is primarily applicable to non-Asian faces, it can serve as a reference for everyone. It suggests that taller and slightly pointier nostrils are considered desirable. While this may not apply directly to Asian faces like mine, it's still worth considering. I've received requests for an update on this topic, so let's explore four tips and exercises together. Let's get started!1. Relax levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscleLet's start by relaxing the area that tends to act up and become bigger. Use your knuckles or fingers to gently massage this area for one minute. Remember to be gentle to avoid inflammation. Next, move to the middle of the nose and repeat the gentle massage for another minute. If you feel a runny nose, it's a good sign. Finally, focus on the nostrils and massage them gently for one minute. Maintain a relaxed posture throughout the process to avoid unnecessary tension in the shoulders and neck. It's worth noting that the shape of the nose can potentially change over time due to the presence of cartilage, which is a soft bone-like tissue. After fully relaxing this area, you can proceed to the next steps.2. Reprogram levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscleFor exercise number two, let's reprogram the muscle to relax when you smile. Use two fingers and place one on the Nancy muscle. Hold it while slowly smiling, making sure not to move the nose or change its shape. Keep the smile and count from one to ten without using the finger, focusing on relaxing the nose muscle. This is a way to train a relaxed smile without bunny or gummy smiles. Avoid sniffing as it disrupts the relaxation program.3. Lift up and shrink the tip of the noseFor exercise number three, let's lift and shrink the tip of the nose. Use no cold or fingers, whichever is easier for you. Hold it gently, avoiding excessive pressure to prevent inflammation and enlargement of the nostrils. Look down slightly and create resistance by pulling the head up against the fingers. Count from one to ten, maintaining the resistance. Repeat this exercise two more times.4. Shrink nostril exerciseFor exercise number four, we will focus on the nostrils. Use one finger to lightly block one nostril, ensuring you cannot breathe through it. Exhale as much as possible through the open nostril, allowing for better inhalation. If you are concerned about asymmetry, try focusing on the non-dominant nostril as well. Please note that these exercises and tips do not provide instant results like Botox or plastic surgery. They require time to reshape the cartilage and reprogram the muscles.Summary:These exercises aim to relax and reprogram the muscles around the nose for potential changes in its appearance. By gently massaging specific areas, focusing on a relaxed smile, and performing targeted exercises, such as lifting the tip of the nose and working on the nostrils, you can potentially achieve desired results over time. It's important to note that these exercises require patience and consistency, as they are not quick fixes like Botox or plastic surgery. Reshaping the cartilage and reprogramming the muscles takes time and commitment. Guest UserApril 17, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reduce Forehead Lines Guest UserApril 20, 2021 Next Fix frown lines between eyebrows Guest UserApril 14, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make Nostrils Slimmer & Follow Golden Ratio", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/16/make-nostrils-slimmer-amp-follow-golden-rat"}
Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye Again the new part It's looking 90 degree to the side, wake up, wake up, malaris wake up malaris this Melika said it's working.Hi everyone. Today, I would like to talk about how to create Jenny looking like eyes, cat eyes. When I saw this Melika's comments I got so excited because I wanna have Jenny-looking eyes. And I wanna have the nice cat eyes and this Melika said it's working. So I got a current new tip to make it more effective, to do the exercise that I introduced to before from my client. Thank you so much. So we got inspired. So let me today, let's do the new way latest version of the cat-eye exercise. The key for this exercise is to activate malaris muscle, which is here side of the big orbicularis oculi eye muscle.This one, this is what we are trying to lift up. Step one, use your finger, put your finger on like this, put on the malaris, If you haven't watched the malaris video, please check it out because it's interesting. And it's important to know where it is, but it's around here. So you wanna put it like this to feel it in the other hand to stabilize it, it's like this. And when you do that, you people get to do like, like this. So don't wanna do that. Head is straight and if you have to do this, because of this hand, you don't do it. This is fine. This is more stable. I like it. But yeah, you don't necessarily have to do that. So I'm gonna do this and then head straight, check your mirror if you can. And then step one is try to lift up, up, up, up, and see my hand, my fingers are up, up, up, up moving just to kickstart the moving, but inside the skin inside my head.The malaris muscle is trying to like mini very, very tiny mini, mini-movement mini squat. Mini lift up because it's a tiny muscle trying, it trying you don't, you don't feel it? Probably, yet but it's okay. This is just a kickstart. Yep. And then this is the new part. This is a fun part. When you do it, I would like you to look this part, this finger, and then you feel this malaris more like this look. And then people tend to look like this one you don't wanna do them. Don't do that. But relax keep relax the forehead. And then look 45 degree not 40, not 45, 90 degree to the side and look at this finger. And then step one is lift up fingers up. But malaris is trying to lift up as well. Two things at the same time. So busy head straight, and then look 90 degree and then one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten like this because malaris is connected to the kind of part of the eye muscle lower eyelids moves, but that's okay because that's okay cause it's connected, but the focus is here. Again the new part it's looking 90 degree to the side. Let's check if you wanna if you feel difference or not. So look at straight and then do the same thing one, two, three, four, five or look 90 degree and do the same thing. Look, lift up one, two, three, four, five. Which one do you think feel more? Which one do you feel malaris? The second one right? That's why I like this exercise to feel up, up, up more and then not front but look at this, this side.Now let's move on to step two. This is the most important, more important part because step one was to kickstart the wake up, wake up malaris , wake up malaris kind of thing. So step two is literally only malaris, not fingers. I mean, we're gonna put finger to feel the movement, but really this time focus on malaris to wake up malaris up, up, up thing without finger movement, finger might move a little bit because malaris is moving and your fingers on it. So let's do it and instead of looking straight, look to the side and then, um, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.And of course, we have to do the sides because we wanna have symmetrical eyes. Let's do the other side. So same thing, no like this head straight and malaris here. So you wanna put the fingers here on the malaris and then first step one is to kickstart up, up, up but you wanna look, um, 90 degree, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. And the step two is keep looking to the side 90 degree but only malaris without finger movement, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. That's it but If you keep doing it on a regular basis, ideally every single day, step one 10 times step two without the finger movement another 10 times. So this is and then 20 times in per one side and another 20 times per one side. So 40 rep in total for both eyes per um, and then just that's it per one day, every single day you do it 40, 40 reps per day, every single day.You will, you might feel, you might find not just feel it but visually see difference. Again, like Melika did, um, yeah, I really would like to see the difference. So I'm gonna keep doing it and doing more. I mean, I do it time to time, but I should do more. So I'm gonna, I promise to you guys that I'm gonna do more hope you will see better before, after on my cat-eyes. As always, if you're interested in other exercises, check my face yoga App available on Ipad, not Ipad, Ipad too but Apple and Android both of them. And if you're interested in teaching my method to other people to spread the greatness of face yoga check my website kokofaceyoga.com to learn about certification course. And if you're interested in watching all the summary of essential exercises, check my prime video, Amazon prime video just search face yoga 101, and also don't forget, we're doing face Olympics. It's very exciting It's gonna be online. So even if the tok even if Tokyo decided not to do it, we gonna do it because we're safe and it's online. Stay tuned, It's gonna be in June end of July I think we'll let you guys know. But anyway, thank you so much see you in the next video. Guest UserApril 27, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix bulldog cheeks Guest UserMay 1, 2021 Next Jaw Exercise To Fix Asymmetrical Face Guest UserApril 23, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/4/24/jennys-cat-eyes"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! 5 Tips to improve your face at desk Guest UserFebruary 28, 2021 V shaped | Heart shaped face Guest UserFebruary 25, 2021 How to drink Guest UserFebruary 21, 2021 Fuller cheek exercises and tips Guest UserFebruary 17, 2021 The best training method for mewing Guest UserFebruary 13, 2021 Why teeth are crooked Guest UserFebruary 10, 2021 FAQ about mewing Guest UserFebruary 7, 2021 5 Tips for proper face posture Guest UserFebruary 4, 2021 Fix hollow under the eyes Guest UserFebruary 1, 2021 Hair growth update Guest UserJanuary 29, 2021 Buccal Corridors | How to smile with lifted mouth corners Guest UserJanuary 26, 2021 Learn how to properly rub the eyes Guest UserJanuary 23, 2021 Fix asymmetrical face Guest UserJanuary 20, 2021 Back sleeping support pillow comparison Guest UserJanuary 17, 2021 5 Scenes that you are Overusing Neck and Shoulder Guest UserJanuary 14, 2021 Why soft swallow matters Guest UserJanuary 11, 2021 Skin Ironing | How to Iron the Skin Guest UserJanuary 8, 2021 Classic Tape Method That Still Works Guest UserJanuary 5, 2021 Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing Guest UserJanuary 3, 2021 Eliminate mid-cheek lines Guest UserJanuary 1, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1614780000529"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Make fuller lips Guest UserAugust 6, 2021 Fix double chin Guest UserAugust 2, 2021 Fix eye wrinkles Guest UserJuly 29, 2021 Stop bad habits when brushing teeth Guest UserJuly 25, 2021 Face yoga ages you Guest UserJuly 17, 2021 Don't keep lips sealed if you have chin tension Guest UserJuly 13, 2021 Fix asymmetrical eyebrows Guest UserJuly 7, 2021 Create shorter face width Guest UserJune 26, 2021 Sweet spot of correct tongue posture Guest UserJune 22, 2021 Make shorter face Guest UserJune 18, 2021 The best hand care ever Guest UserJune 15, 2021 Create pointy chin Guest UserJune 10, 2021 The way you apply eye cream might be wrong | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserJune 6, 2021 Smile changed Guest UserJune 2, 2021 Shorten philtrum Guest UserMay 29, 2021 10 Hair Growth Hacks Guest UserMay 25, 2021 Tongue strength assessment Guest UserMay 21, 2021 Exercises to strengthen tongue Guest UserMay 19, 2021 Fix asymmetrical mouth and lips Guest UserMay 13, 2021 How I Improved My Facial Symmetry Guest UserMay 9, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1620219600920&reversePaginate=true"}
How to keep lips moisturized | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to keep lips moisturized Greetings to all of you! On this lovely day, I would like to share some valuable insights on the topic of maintaining the health and hydration of our lips without relying on sticky, chesty balms. As such, I am excited to present to you three exercises and tips that will enable you to keep your lips looking and feeling their best, all day long. So without further ado, let's dive in and explore these useful techniques together!#1 Nose BreathingNose breathing is better than mouth breathing because mouth breathing dries out the lips. Moisture and air from the mouth create a repetitive cycle that eventually dries out the lips. Nose breathing can be trained by watching a video on how to clear a stuffy nose or using medical tape to seal the lips. By practicing nose breathing, the lips can stay moist and healthy.#2 Small LickLet's make the instructions for the lip small exercise shorter and clearer.The lip small exercise aims to strengthen the muscles underneath the skin to improve moisture, nutrition, and oxygen circulation. Relax by vibrating your lips and then touching your upper and lower lips together. Press them inside your mouth, keeping a small gap between them. Use your fingers to lift the corners of your upper lip slightly up, without touching your teeth. Repeat this exercise once or twice a day to release tension and improve muscle strength.#3 Drinking and Eating Collagen powderUsing collagen powder has made a huge difference in the dryness and chapping of my lips. I add a small amount to my tea every day and have noticed a significant change in the past six months. It's important to find a collagen powder that can be used with hot drinks or meals. It's better to produce moisture from within instead of relying on lip balm, which can create a cycle of dryness. Additionally, nose breathing and small tongue movements can improve lip health. Consider trying face yoga as well.Summary:In conclusion, maintaining moist and healthy lips can be achieved through various simple exercises and practices. Nose breathing can be trained through clearing stuffy noses or using medical tape, while the lip small exercise can strengthen the muscles underneath the skin. Drinking and eating collagen powder can also help produce moisture from within. It's important to find a collagen powder that can be used with hot drinks or meals to avoid a cycle of dryness caused by lip balm. By incorporating these practices and exercises, we can improve our lip health and prevent dryness and chapping. Guest UserMarch 18, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Don't do those while working out Guest UserMarch 24, 2021 Next Warnings about jaw exercise tools Guest UserMarch 15, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to keep lips moisturized | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/18/how-to-keep-lips-moisturized"}
Warnings about jaw exercise tools | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Warnings about jaw exercise tools Guest UserMarch 15, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to keep lips moisturized Guest UserMarch 18, 2021 Next Stress is NOT the main cause of your grinding Guest UserMarch 12, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Warnings about jaw exercise tools | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/15/warnings-about-jaw-exercise-tools"}
Stress NOT the main cause of your grinding | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Stress is NOT the main cause of your grinding Guest UserMarch 12, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Warnings about jaw exercise tools Guest UserMarch 15, 2021 Next Fix asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 9, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Stress NOT the main cause of your grinding | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/11/stress-is-not-the-main-cause-of-your-grinding"}
Fix asymmetrical nose | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetrical nose Let's shift our focus to discussing how to address asymmetrical noses caused by bad habits. Today, we'll explore exercises that can help fix this issue. It's important to note that the nose is composed of both bone and cartilage, with the latter being a softer type of bone. When we observe the nose closely, we can see that there are several cartilage areas that correspond to different countries on a map. To tackle asymmetry, we can use a chiropractic approach to straighten the nose. Let's begin by slowly looking down and gently breathing in and out. The slower the breathing, the better the results.#1 Warm up.To make it easier to straighten the cartilage, let's relax the nose area. Start by massaging three areas - the top, middle, and nostril - for 30 seconds each. Be gentle and don't press too hard. Move your shoulders down and relax.Gently massage the top area like this, then move to the middle and do the same. Lastly, massage the nostril area, and don't worry if your nose runs a bit - it's a good detox. This exercise is an excellent way to relax overactive muscles in the nose area.#2 NutshellTo determine which maxilla bone is higher or lower, touch your face and feel for the difference. If you're sitting at a desk, use your elbow to stabilize your hand and find the higher bone. Once you've identified the higher bone, use your hand to gently lift it while looking down for 30 seconds. Check your cheekbone to see if it's become more pronounced, and adjust the other side as needed. To flatten the cheekbone, apply light pressure for a quick moment. Repeat on the other side if necessary. With practice, you can achieve a straighter, more symmetrical face.#3 Press using your thumb and fingerLet's move on to step three for straightening the nose. Identify which side of the nose is more bent, and gently press it towards the other side using your thumb and fingers. Place your thumb on the area near the forehead to lift up the frontal bone and muscle. Slowly touch the nose with your other hand and gently press it towards the straighter side. Breathe slowly and press a little harder when you exhale for 30 seconds. Check if there's any improvement in your nose shape. In summary, we did three exercises to straighten the nose: a warm-up, flattening the cheekbone, and pressing the nose towards the straighter side.Sumarry:In these exercises, we learned different techniques to straighten the nose and achieve a more symmetrical face. The warm-up exercise involved gentle massages on three areas of the nose. In step two, we identified the higher maxilla bone and lifted it to achieve a more pronounced cheekbone. Lastly, in step three, we pressed the nose towards the straighter side using our thumb and fingers while breathing slowly. With practice, these exercises can help improve the shape of the nose and achieve a more balanced facial appearance. Guest UserMarch 9, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Stress is NOT the main cause of your grinding Guest UserMarch 12, 2021 Next 5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 6, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix asymmetrical nose | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/3/9/fix-asymmetrical-nose"}
Koko Face Yoga Certificate - kokofacyoga.com Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Certificate Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Koko Face Yoga Certificate - kokofacyoga.com", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/certificate"}
Promote you as an instructor - Certified Instructors Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Certified Instructors If you would like to be shown on the website as an instructor, please send your responses to the following questions:1) Things you specialize in other than face yoga (if any)2) Social media/website (if any)3) Contact information (city and zip code only for address)4) Bio photo (as shown on this page)5) If you have completed the Advanced course, you are invited to the private Facebook group. So please send a friend request to Koko Hayashi on Facebook.If you would like us promote you as an instructor on our social media channels, please send us your #9faceyoga image (like Koko’s example above). Tips: opaque or simple backgroundface close-up (shoulder up)simple hair and clothesrandom 9 cute Face Yoga poses Photos must be in color Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Promote you as an instructor - Certified Instructors", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/certified-instructors"}
How to drink | Face posture to move facial muscles Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to drink Level one and level two.Hi everyone. Today I'm going to talk about how to drink. Our method koko face yoga has a lot of exercises, but highly, highly, highly, highly focus on face posture which means how to move facial muscles properly for daily facial activities, such as including drinking. This is the most updated version. So let's do it. First of all, let me show you the way I think is not a good idea and you might be doing. There's a cup here, and then you go to the cup like this, and then, Ooh. So see bad, bad body posture and sticking out your chin to ooh. So causing a lot of tension in the chin, unnecessary one and then drink it, and then come back. Every time you do bad posture when not just drinking, but working on computer or something. Lots of tension here and the blood circulation is restricted. And it's gonna, kind of all the scalp is restricted and tighten here. And then tension in the scalp. Tension in the scalp is gonna distributed to the facial unnecessary tension that caused asymmetrical face or unnecessary sagging, or all kinds of bad stuff. And also when you do, and then ooh, because you wanna drink tension, tension, tension yeah. Again you have seen this right?If you have watched me long time.Red is overworking muscle, overworking and this is always down, down, down the more you overworked it down here everything is gonna be drop down saggy, saggy face, you get jowl, nasolabial, cheekbone meltdown, then everything double chin, all the bad thing happen. So if you're drinking in this way like this, every time you drink, you are sagging. Every time you drink, you are worsening aging process. So let's move on to good example, actually there level one and level two, because I learned that teaching level two advance version from the beginning was too much for many people. So let me introduce level one and two, one by one. Level one, there are two steps. Instead of you go to the cup like this, you bring your cup to you. So keep the body posture, good body posture head is on your neck, spine and butt even when you're standing when you're sitting, doesn't matter, it's always like straight here and then instead of you go to the cup, you, the cup come to you, that's that's step one. Step two, mewing. So when you swallow, I would like you to feel the tongue is fully touching on the palate and it's a little bit like, not too much tension or anything like that, but more, more, more suction. This is the upper teeth, palate, your tongue It's like, like this, when you swallow. That's what I would ike you to be aware of this because you're doing correct tongue posture every time you swallow and that's, so I would like you to kind of be conscious about it so that you can keep it long time. Even when you, even after you put the cup down because you're supposed to do mewing all the time. So level one is only two step, very easy. Bring your cup to yourself. And then when you swallow mewing. Now let's move on to level two. This is more advance version, please try it if you wanna be challenged. Um, so the first step, step one is same cup come to you. Instead of you go to the cup same as the step level one, but the step two is difficult. Step two is instead of drinking, like all the muscle here you're orbircularis oris muscle is being used and too much here, this one is fine, but this is not fine chin tension because of this right? So what you wanna do is find a way to reduce the tension when you swallow. In my case, if I smile a little bit like this, instead of like this tension, tension so instead tiny smile and then drink it.So that's the step two of level two. Let me use my real cup. This is there's a tea inside. So it's like this. not sure If you could tell, but I was tiny smiling instead of Ooh, is easy, but it causing too much. By the way, when you do this practice, please do not drink a lot of water at once, because you gonna spill the water. I have done it so many times. So the smaller amount the better, if you think about it, using straw creates forces you to do like a, water bottle. So it's not super my favorite. Step three, this is even more difficult I think.But when you do this, if you can drink like this, but the way I like is, because I wanna develop stronger philtrum area, upper, upper lip area. This, this upper lip, orbicularis upper of orbicularis oris is sleeping, sleeping, and it gets longer. Philtrum gets longer. I personally have a concern of my philtrum becoming longer, which is not good. So I really wanna train this and you wanna have more fuller lip in general on the upper lip. So when you do this, you, you reduce tension here and then forget about the low-lower lip is not existing. Imagine that, but instead you use more upper lip and then drink. I know it's hard, but I personally like really concerned about this. So I keep doing it and it's been good. I've been very conscious about the thing, maybe like half year? Yeah, something like that.And then I feel like my upper lip becoming a little bit more fuller when I'm, when I close my, my lip. Step four of level two, mewing. Same thing as level one but when you swallow, I really like you to feel fully touching on the upper, on the palate. And then the tongue is expanding to the side, like side, side. So tongue it's like evolving to really like a, like this. This way you really lifting up your heavy skull, including cheek area because the tongue is here right? The palate here. And then this yellow is gonna be lifted up every time you swallow. Step five of level two, soft swallow, soft swallow I did a video about hard swallow versus soft swallow. So if you haven't checked that, please check it out. But basically you wanna, you don't wanna do, like a when you swallow see the line?And then if you keep doing that, every time you swallow something, you gonna get the vertical line and you gonna get hollow in here. And some people do Botox to reduce the tension, but I think you need a lot of units, so it will be expensive. But if you stop doing that, you don't have to do anything. You don't have to do any treatment, right? Because you correctly using the muscle so I think it's even better. For this you really need to, um, check your mirror on the neck, then check your neck on the mirror and then try to soft swallow. Let me use my real tea. So bad example is my shoulder might be a little bit up as well. Shoulders should be always down because if the shoulders up it's easy to get tension here. Now I try to do soft swallow, which means your Adam's Apple even if you don't have that, I don't have that because I'm female, but neck should not be moving as little as possible. So let me try that. A little bit moving here because there's water, but other areas are not moving right? I think it's a little bit redness, nevermind. But anyway this is a soft swallow, as we drink water or anything, right? Every single day I think. So if you, if you're doing in a bad way, bad muscle movement, then that's not really good. So I really hope you, uh, you be more conscious about how you drink. Let me summarize the steps again for level one, there are only two steps. One is good posture and then cup come to you. Instead of you go to the cup. Cup come to you. And then step two is when you swallow mewing. I mean, even if you're not conscious, you're doing mewing correct mewing, probably when you swalllow. So I just would like you to be aware that you're doing good job so that it's easier to keep it up. After you put the cup down. Level two was five steps. So same thing cup come to you. That's number one, step two, was tiny smile to reduce the tension in the chin. Don't drink a lot of water cause you gonna spill it. Step three, was like duck lip, but only on the upper lip, which is the hardest part. But you can do it If you practice to train here, and then there was three. So step four is mewing when you swallow, but really be aware that the tongue is expanding to the side, side when you swallow up and then last step was soft, soft swallow. Please let me know how you like it because I love learning from you guys as always, if you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it and if you're interested teaching face yoga and our method check my website kokofaceyoga.com and also if you're interested in just watching like a summary of everything check my Amazon prime video Faceyoga 101 link below. Thank you so much see on the next video bye. Guest UserFebruary 21, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous V shaped | Heart shaped face Guest UserFebruary 25, 2021 Next Fuller cheek exercises and tips Guest UserFebruary 17, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to drink | Face posture to move facial muscles", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/21/how-to-drink"}
V shaped | Heart shaped face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account V shaped | Heart shaped face Guest UserFebruary 25, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips to improve your face at desk Guest UserFebruary 28, 2021 Next How to drink Guest UserFebruary 21, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "V shaped | Heart shaped face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/25/v-shaped-heart-shaped-face"}
Download the pin hole eye mask here Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Pin hole eye mask Download the pin hole eye mask here!(Find out more face yoga exercises here.) Make sure the scale is 100%. Cut either one for your face size. Add a thick paper on the back if you want it last for a long time. Fold the top where touches your forehead. Make the tiny holes. Attach lubber bands. Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Download the pin hole eye mask here", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/pin-hole-eye-mask"}
5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips to improve your face at desk Hi everyone. Today, I would like to introduce three exercises to improve eye symmetry. First of all, our eye became asymmetrical? One of the biggest reason is bad body posture, asymmetrical body posture. So keeping good body posture, balance body posture is one a must thing. But in addition if you can use the facial muscles, especially around the eye area equally on the both sides, you should be able to improve the symmetry so let's do that. Number one, wink are you able to wink on the both sides? And then in my case, I can do, but this is harder than this. So I should practice this wink. But lot, I know lots of people cannot even do wink on the both sides. If that's the case, practice the harder part, harder side and even if you can do both sides like me, I think very, very likely that either side is a little bit harder to do and then practice the harder part. Warning! do not do like wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, don't do wrinkle too much, too many times. So just do lightly like wink, wink not wink don't do that, like a do that.If you tend to cause lots of wrinkles when you wink on the crow's feet, use your finger to prevent a line like this, and then try to do that. One tip is that when you wink, people tried to close the upper eyelid down that's wink. Yes, I know understand that, but in, in my friend, my Koko friend we would like to do more like a lower eyelid up and you know malaris? I did a video about malaris muscles so please check it out. I did the BTS music as well. So check it out if you haven't. But even though we do wink, I would like you to try to lift up here when you wink. So I know it's strange, It's not the thing what you think about wink, but because you wanna if you wink, why not train the malaris muscle.In my case, I tend to cause wrinkle inside here. So I like using this finger to prevent it.But I'm, I'm thinking about the malaris here when I, every time I wink. But if you don't cause wrinkle, you don't have to do that. Um, if you don't, you don't have to do anything, but if you cause wrinkle more here, you wanna stop it. But, so but the point is stop the wrinkles with fingers and think about malaris muscle on the both sides and try to be able to do the both eyes as equal as possible. So you can do, just slowly and tried to do equally or both equally, or do the you could practice only the harder, difficult side only. And then you can try both, but main, main focus is on the, on the harder side, weak side. Exercise number two, lower eyelid lift up exercise. This is one of the major exercises for face yoga. So you probably know I did a video I think, um, but before I think I was talking about both sides, both sides at the same time, but this time I like to try practicing only either side. So like,Mmm, Mmm, Mmm, Mmm, Mmm, Mmm. Mmm.Can you do that? Are you able to do the lower eyelid lift up without moving anywhere else, without moving forehead, without moving eyebrow only lower eyelid but one side each.Mmm Mmm, Mmm, Mmm.Again, this is weaker side for me. So this is harder than this, this is easier for me. Exercise number three. Okay. So let's do this. Use your finger and place on your forehead and pinkies are on your eyebrows. This is the most important thing. And then we gonna open and squint, open as big as possible and squint and then three repetition we gonna do that, during the opening part your eyebrow, especially dominant one is trying, Is gonna try to lift up. It happens if you have asymmetrical eye that happens. So the most important thing is that try to stop it, try to stop it as, as, as still as possible. Yep. So try to hold it and you might even have to do like a little bit down, down.I mean this is too much, but little bit down to cause this is gonna to try to lift up so It's like that. Let's do it. Use a fingers, pinkies on, on your eyebrow that's the most important thing forehead is frozen.Yep. And then some people do like this because so concentrated intense, but I don't like it because that's an unnecessary tension. So shoulder down, shoulder down. Yeah. So shoulder down, relax your face, relax your body and focus on your eye muscle only without moving eyebrow or forehead like this. Open as big possible it's like a fire. Slowly squint, almost close but when you squint try to lift up your lower eyelid. Yeah.The previous exercise, we did lower eyelid lift up and then slowly, slowly open eyebrow not moving. If this is try to move up bring it down. Yep. And then, and then open slowly open, open, open and then slowly squint, lower eyelid lift up.Okay. Let me explain when you open and then lower eyelid lift up. So upper eyelid moves both at the same time, but, but I would like you to think that lower eyelid is like really going up. Don't think about the upper eyelid. Just think about the lower eyelid because that's more important. Cause it's super sleeping. This is sleeping, but dark blue, which means super sleeping. So let's do it again fingers on the forehead, shoulder down, pinkies on your on your eyebrow, and then open as big as possible fire. And then slowly, slowly, slowly squint but try to lift up your lower, focus on your lower eyelid and almost close, but don't completely close a little bit more and then slowly open eyebrows should not be moving. None of the eyebrows should be moving and then open fire and then slowly squint lower eyelid lift up almost close and then slowly open, slowly, slower the better if you do faster, it's not effective and then open 20 percent open fire. Then last one, lower eyelid lift up and then slowly open.This is tiring. In addition to those exercises very, very important not to do angry eyebrow, angry eyebrow, um, motion on the dominant side. I did a video about the eyebrow thing. So check it out If you haven't watch muscle knot and then yeah. Try to kill the muscle knot kind of thing that's very fun and important. Um, yeah, so try not to do that. And other thing is, um, you can, because we have a dominant and non-dominant eye, we tend to use dominant eye more, which is not good. So for example, if you have this is dominant eye right side, and then I have a TV on the right side and then I might use more right side because TV is on my dominant side. So intentionally you can put your TV or monitor, second monitor or something at the desk on the non-dominant side if you wanna know my desk, desk condition because you might be working at the computer all the time, check my other video to check it out.Also, you can use eye pads to rest your dominant eye like this. I sometimes recommend my client do it. It's not practical, but if you watch TV or something, you can do this and then watch TV couple hours. And when you take it out, um, it's a huge difference in eyesight. It's a temporary one, but if you continue on a regular basis it might improve, it might improve the eye symmetry too, I mean, in general, I think it's more for eyesight issue. Yeah. Improve the eyesight. But yeah, it can improve the eye symmetry in terms of size or shape in the long term, if you do on a regular basis. So those three exercises and a little bit tips that I explained. First one was wink, wink, wink, and then do the prac- practice wink on more non-dominant side weaker side, not necessary dominant eyesight, but the weaker side, cause my this is my dominant eye, but this is hard to do for me. So it's everyone is different. Um, then lower eyelid lift up one, one, one and then practice the harder side, more to do the lower eye lift up then last one was this. If you're interested in other exercises check my koko face yoga app.And if you're interested in teaching check my face yoga, koko face yoga website, and if you're interested in watching the summary of all the essential exercises about my methods, check my koko face yoga 101 on Amazon prime link below. Thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserFebruary 28, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines Guest UserMarch 3, 2021 Next V shaped | Heart shaped face Guest UserFebruary 25, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/28/5-tips-to-improve-your-face-at-desk"}
The best training method for mewing | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account The best training method for mewing Mew! It helps me to be conscious like this.Hi everyone. Today I'm going to talk about one of the most innovative idea I think, about how to train mewing with chewing gum. I think most of the people who watched the video know what is mewing, who is Dr. Mew and what is correct tongue posture all that and If you haven't checked my mewing 101 video, please check it out cause it's very popular. Um, but they, as Palobar said achieve the correct mewing, correct tongue posture is doable, right? Doable with instruction but maintain it is not easy. Keep doing it on a regular basis. I mean, almost all the time, except when except the time when you're eating or speaking right? But that's hard training is the most difficult challenge. So I think this chewing idea might help you. So let me explain that. First, what you need is regular chewing gum. I think I personally, I like sugar-free or natural one instead of sugary one because you gonna keep it on the mouth here long time. So it's better to make it natural and then sugar-free I think. Step two, you gonna eat it. You gonna eat the chewing gum and then try to reduce the taste, because the, the taste is not necessary for training. And I think it's not needed. So eat it, eat it and then try to get rid of the sweetness or mintness or something. By the way, this is a bit off topic. But when you chew, especially you chew the chewing gum, when you do the chewing gum you chew long time. So that's what I'm wanted to say. If you chew hmm here. Masseter muscle too much. And then you gonna get square shape. And if you have grinding or, um, yeah. Teeth contact habit issue or something like that, that's gonna worsen it, so be careful. I like the chewing. If you haven't watched my eating video please check it out. Step three, in the mouth it's hard to explain because I cannot show my mouth inside of my mouth, but in the mouth, after you get rid of the taste you gonna make it circle tiny, tiny ball with the tongue. I mean, it doesn't have to be really perfect ball shape, but something like that, you created with your tongue inside your mouth and then attach on your palate. For example, like this should not be touching on the part teeth, right above the not above, behind the upper front teeth, something like this. So you get this and then with the tongue with the tongue flatten it, flatten the chewing gum and attach it. Just be careful not to touch the teeth, front teeth but on the palate right before, right before your front teeth put it here like this, like this, and obviously doesn't have to be this nice shaped. It could be like rough, weired shaped, but that's okay. Then mew, mew it but right now, this is your tongue, this is a palate, upper teeth so there is, uh, this is chewing gum here, so it's easy to feel it. It's easy to keep it up. Don't you think? Or other idea, which I like this better than this is, put it on the more in between front, in between. It's like in the middle, it's like between the hard part. Um, soft palate and hard palate. So this is your palate , upper teeth, your throat, neck. And then this is your tip of the tongue, tip of the tongue. And you put that tip of the tongue really close the throat and then pppppppppppp all the way come, not this, but all the way. Um, and then do it quickly. You feel two speed bumps, two speed bumps one is soft and then, then the other one is hard one. And then I, like, I personally like putting the chewing gum in between them in between the soft and hard palate and then try to keep it up all the time. I been testing around many areas or many shapes, but to be honest, that doesn't really matter. I don't think where it is. Maybe it matters for you. It depends on the person maybe, but in my case, it doesn't matter if it's here or here or like all over doesn't matter. I can really train, train keep mewing it and it's easy for me to keep doing it because of the chewing gum, because there's some kind of object your touching. It's easier to keep it up. It's not really easy to keep it up, but I think it helps me to be conscious that's the point. Right now It's kind of all over the palate my chewing gum is all over the palate but that's okay. As long as I feel like it's easier for me to be conscious. So, um, but one thing, one thing or two things don't drink with this, don't eat with it this because I don't want to, I don't want you to get any choking or any bad symptoms happens that incident happened to you.So don't drink or I think talking is, I think it's fine. I think, but, um, be careful. Um, don't drink, don't eat with chewing gum.Obviously you cannot do this chewing thing on the palate for long time too long time, but I think this can be a good kickstart If you wanna really train it, maybe you tried this one hour or two hours or 30 minutes per day or something like that. And then it will be easier for you to keep doing it even without chewing gum. I mean, the chewing gum is like initial kickstart. Aside from this chewing gum idea, I think body posture is super important because if you're doing like, like this, or like this it's not easy to keep mewing it ,because everything is connected. Airway is going to be restricted if you have bad body posture. So fixing, improving body posture is super important for mewing. Also I did a soft swallow and hard swallow difference video. Please check it out if your interested in, because every time you swallow, you are doing probably doing correct mewing.So it's swallowing something, water or saliva or food or anything. Every time you swallow, you can reset it and then try to keep it. That's a good, good way to reset your tongue posture. You can also do post it and put it everywhere about tongue posture to be reminded. Or my favorite idea is Dr. Mew every time you touch your phone, you'll be reminded, Oh, I have to do it. But I constantly looking for new ideas. So please comment if you have any other ideas or if you have some, which one works, which one doesn't or anything like that. And especially, I love to know how you like this idea. Please try it If you wanna really train mewing and let me know in the comment below, by the way, I got this chewing idea inspired by myospots. Myospots are tablets specifically formulated for the tongue training, tongue posture training. So if you're interested in check the link in the description below, but I don't have them because they're based in Australia. So, um, in the meantime, I decided to try this and I thought it works. Thank you so much. If you haven't checked my face yoga app, please try it and face yoga certification course, instructor certification is also available on our website. And what else um prime video for faceyoga 101.Thank you so much see you next video bye. Guest UserFebruary 13, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fuller cheek exercises and tips Guest UserFebruary 17, 2021 Next Why teeth are crooked Guest UserFebruary 10, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "The best training method for mewing | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/12/the-best-training-method-for-mewing"}
Fuller Cheek Exercises And Tips - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fuller cheek exercises and tips Skin is stretch. It gets bumpy here and then you get the hollow like this.Hi everyone. Today, today I'm going to talk about how they create fuller cheeks. Because I got a request from Julia. Julia stay tuned if you're watching, but first of all, let's talk about why the like this, hollow cheek or cheek hollow happens. One common reason is you lost weight of the body and the face at the same time. And unfortunately with age facial fat, face fat um, disappears quickly than, um, younger age, unfortunately. But anyway, I understand that for many people gaining weight back, it's not that easy option for you. So there's another reason. So the one, the thing I like to talk about this, let's assume this is your face and it's round because your muscle is structured like round heart-shaped face like this, but let's say if you're masseter muscle here, jaw muscle is over, overworked over- activated, and then you get square face and then it becomes like this, right? Yeah. Then, this area is stretched, the skin is stretched here.And then, because skin stretch, it gets bumpy here. And then you get the hollow like this. So from, um, from like round to this, and then you get this makes sense? So I think it's very important to reduce the tension in here, masseter muscle. This is, um, I'm sure you know what it is. If you have watched me long time, but the red is overworking muscle and blue is sleeping muscle. So let me explain three exercises and tips to reduce the tension here so that your face become more fuller. Number one, cheek vibration like this. I know I look weird. So this is not lip curl. Lip curl for singer is like a lip curl, lip vibration. That's not what I'm doing. What I'm doing is bigger than lip curl, bigger than lip curl, cheek curl or I don't know, I if I can say curl but cheek vibration. So, this is a great way to relax all the facial muscles, lower the face especially the masseter muscle which is the cause of square face. So like this and be try to do this bigger the better, not more to the side, not to the front, but imagine you're coming shooting the air from the cheeks. I understand some people cannot do even thing. That means your muscle is very, very tense so start with easier vibration. Either one is fine, but the final goal, goal for you to do would be to be able to do this thing. Number two, buccal massage I used to say buccal. I don't know which one is correct. Buccal or buccal massage anyway, inside the mouth because a lot of tension here, we wanna massage it right? So there are five points that I learned from my Japanese acupuncturist that I respect, I adore, anyway, one, two, three, four five. Five areas, and actually to be honest, I don't think it has to be specific area that I explained whenever you feel, have a tension and you feel, you should break the tension from inside that's good. Just warning is that like you don't wanna do stretching the face and opening, your mouth, mouth bigger. That's not good. The only place, the only timing you can, you have to open your mouth bigger is at dentist only I think. The less move your jaw down, the better for here. So try not to, and also you don't wanna stretch the skin. Stretch the skin shows us wrinkle, saggy, jowl kind of thing. So try not to try not to stretch. So let's do it and wash your hands. Not uh, like this and then close your mouth relax.So inside the mouth this is not moving. It's moving a little bit, but try not to move the outside. Only inside is one, two, three, four, five like a, like a five circle and then reverse it. This is the one who has, um, dimple, dimple. Yeah. I mean, I don't have dimple, but imagine you have dimple even If you don't have that, like here so deep. Again don't do this, do this and then DAO If you haven't watch the DAO please watch DAO video. Number four, so imagine um not imagine, see that I'm not opening my mouth. My mouth is kind of close it's, this my fingers here so it's opened, but it's not big open, right? That's the point. Tip number three, stop doing bad facial habit that worsens the TMJ or grinding or square face please um, that's kind of the most important thing, because if you keep doing it, even if you do exercise, if you keep doing the bad habit, you don't gonna see good results. So super important, always mewing helps reduce the tension from here to here, with masseter to cheeks. If you haven't watched my mewing 101 please check it out. And I got some question, some people think mewling can cause more masculine or square face. I don't think so, because if you think, if that's happening to you, probably when you're mewing you are unnecessarily having tension in here, which you shouldn't, you shouldn't um, yeah. You, the only big tension that I have is, um, it's not that big tension, but the good tension is with the tongue it's like here, because your tongue is here and this maxilla is lifted up. So you get the good tension in this area, but not here. Maybe you might wanna, I think you have grinding habit or TCH teeth contact habit or something like that. So please check my video. Um, face posture, when your face is resting, that's important thing, but the, the, the answer you should not get, you will not get masculine face.If you do correctly. Another thing I wanted to talk about is a wisdom tooth extraction. I did a video with Dr.Afzali. She's a holistic orthodontist. And um, she told me that you don't wanna do wisdom tooth, wisdom teeth extraction to without thinking carefully because she said, she told me the more teeth the better. So let's say this is your teeth. And then this wisdom teeth is down. And then yeah, it's like this or this, right? So this or this. So of course it's gonna dent and you get, you might get hollow. So please check the video first. If you're thinking about, if you are advised by your doctor to do wisdom with teeth extraction, to be honest, making fuller cheek is not easy. Um, it's not easy. I don't think so by face yoga naturally, but I think we can still do some things like the three things we, I talked about, like a cheek vibration, and then the buccal massage and stop doing bad habits that worsens square face here, because this becomes square. That's one of the major reason that you get hollow here. Aside from become, becoming, becoming skinny. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it. And if your Interested teaching face yoga check my website kokofaceyoga.com and also if you wanna know the summary of our essential exercises check Amazon prime video and search koko face yoga 101 thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserFebruary 17, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to drink Guest UserFebruary 21, 2021 Next The best training method for mewing Guest UserFebruary 13, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fuller Cheek Exercises And Tips - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/17/fuller-cheek-exercises-and-tips"}
Why Soft Swallow Matters - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why soft swallow matters The doctor who told me the importance of soft swallowing, she showed me how before, after she had the big hole here, but it's gone.Yeah. Hi everyone.Today. I'm going to talk about why soft, swallowing matters. After I published the video about soft mew and hard mew. I was reading all the comments and the our friend G's comment Inspired me to do this video. In summary soft mew is when your face is resting soft suction. And a little bit harder mew is in my understanding when you swallow, eat or drink or saliva or something is swallow something a little bit harder, not too much, but a little bit up thing. And the hard, hard mew is only when you do like a very hard exercise. I mean, body exercise, like, like this. And I realize that I would like to talk about this. So when your face, when, um, when you swallow something water or something, please drink water or eat something and swallow. If you have something to do. And the tongue is like a little bit, a little bit, right? But, and then one thing when you like to be careful is that when you swallow the neck should not be moving. Shoulders should not be moving. Very often, I see people do like this when you drink something, something. I'm exaggerating of course, but I learned this soft mew importance of soft mew from doctor who's working with me to develop the method. So it's not just my opinion, but people do like see lots of tension.Even if you think the shoulder is not moving, you might have a lot of tension in the neck like this. This is not good. This is not good because the more tension you have the horizontal, uh, not horizontal vertical one.You gonna, you gonna have it. You gonna have a big line, this one, and that makes you look old and you gonna get hole in here. So let me try with the real water and check my neck. See a little bit moving because I'm swallowing water. It's a object. So of course it moves a little, but I'm trying not to move the neck or shoulder. So let's do bad example is like this.You might be doing not, your shoulder might not be moving just the neck, neck version, neck only version. Yeah, this is not good example. Good example, I think is a little bit, a little bit moves, but not too much. So please everyone drink water or something and then try, check your mirror to make sure that your neck is not overacting overworking. Let me introduce the logic behind this. So every time your neck is overacting and the shoulder is up because this neck area is content connected to this DAO depressor anguli oris. This is the one, this is the one who is gonna drop everything down. So the chin gets a lot of tension and that cause, because it's saggy, you get more jawl. Because it's saggy, you get more nasolabial fold. Because it's saggy, you get more saggy face, saggy cheeks. And everything it's like being pulled down. If you wanna lift up the face, doesn't make sense to develop this muscle, right? We need to relax this muscle and this neck muscle too, because neck and this area is like one piece it's connected. But if you're doing this,This one overacting and then it's gonna overwork pull down. That's why soft swallowing is very very important. I did another video about how to remove this vertical line. So if you haven't checked that, please check it out. Because even if you don't have the line yet, it's gonna come. Especially if you are more skinnier type. If you have a lot of fat and then it might not show as much as other people, but if you are regular, regular body type like me or a little bit skinnier than me, or could be a little bit more chubby than me, but still you might get it. So it's better not to. It's better to stop the bad hard swallowing habit. Before, before this line happens.The doctor who told me the importance of soft swallowing, she showed me how before, after she had a big hole here, but it's gone because she stopped soft.Uh, she stopped hard swallow and switched to soft swallow. In summary, shoulder and neck should be relaxed at all time. In my next video, I'm gonna talk about five scenes in your daily life that you might be doing thing unnecessarily. So check it out If you're interested in. But in the meantime, if you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's free download and three day free trial available for one year subscription. And I'm doing also instructor certification course If you're interested in learning how to teach face yoga. So check out, check out my website kokofaceyoga.com see in the next video. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserJanuary 11, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Scenes that you are Overusing Neck and Shoulder Guest UserJanuary 14, 2021 Next Skin Ironing | How to Iron the Skin Guest UserJanuary 8, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Soft Swallow Matters - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/9/why-soft-swallow-matters"}
Hair Growth Update - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Hair growth update You can also check out this interesting article on hair growth here. Guest UserJanuary 29, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix hollow under the eyes Guest UserFebruary 1, 2021 Next Buccal Corridors | How to smile with lifted mouth corners Guest UserJanuary 26, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Hair Growth Update - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/23/edby77q394iocud9h946asehab24z0"}
Back Sleeping Support Pillow Comparison | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Back sleeping support pillow comparison There's one additional cushion. So if you, if it's too high for you, you can add it.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to reveal two kinds of back sleeping support pillow. If you don't know why I say you should try to do back sleeping instead of stomach sleeping or side sleeping, check my other video because otherwise, you don't understand why I'm doing this, but anyway, today I'm gonna to, to do two reviews comparison between the two pillows, because I don't find anything else. As far as I know, I see only this one. And this one, those are the only one who has the side, this part, this part, so that it prevents me from doing side sleeping, which I really like it. But I, I, in America where I reside, I see only two versions. So that's what I'm gonna review today. The two pillows that I'm reviewing this one is, I mean, both look same similar, but this one is, your um, the sleep and glows Aula. So let's just call it Aula.That's that's a brand name. That's a product name. And this is your face pillow. By the way, this video is not sponsored. Checkpoint number one, let's check the height. It's kind of a same, same, but this is a little bit more height higher I think. It's about like this, your face pillow is like, I think it's like about seven. It's hard to do this. But when I did the, when I did it, it was like seven centimeter or something like that. And this is about same, but this Aula has a cool thing inside. This is Aula and then you can open it and then there's one additional cushion. So if you, if it's too high for you, you can add it. So that's a difference from the, the, your face pillow, your face pillow, the height is fixed.And if it's too high, you're screwed. You wanna return it because it's too high. But this one you can, you can actually let me take it out so that you can see better. And so you can change the height. That's a cool part. If you see there's a like bump. So it's hard to, hard to find out the real height. But I, I would assume like it's about with the, with the cushion it's about, um, sevens, but it's a bit like here. So maybe like six centimeter or something like that. This is it's a bit high here. And then your head is gonna be here. Check point number two, the shape. It's very similar. So let me, let me take this off. This is your face pillow and you can take it out so that you can, you guys can see the inside more so it's like this. So it's very, very similar shape. Yep. Like this, the difference. I would say it, this is a front and back in my case, in the company's description, this is neck and this is back, but I use opposite because I like that way. But anyway, it's like, there's dent. So there's a little bit up and dent and then there's no nothing it's just like this. So I don't know which one is better to be honest, but yeah, so that's a different, and then the other one is, if you use this in, uh, what's the word, let me, let me sleep on this. So like this. So this is Aula, sleep and glows Aula. And then see, there's a neck support part, which I don't like. I don't, I use opposite side, but this is a recommended way of using it according to the company. And if you like this part, maybe might be good for you, I don't like it. So I use my neck is here. My, I use opposite this is Aula. Same as your face pillow, your face pillow ask you to sleep like this, but because there is no bump here, I easily do side sleep. So I use the opposite opposite, like this. I like this way better. Check point number three, weight, weight. I mean, maybe weight doesn't matter for a pillow because you put it there, but this is much heavier and this is much lighter. Yeah, that's for sure. This is like, not double the double the weight, but maybe, I don't know, 1.3, 1.3 times, 1.5 times heavier. This one, and this is lighter. Check point number four, um, breathability, breathe, breathability. So, um, to be honest, I don't know the difference. I've tried both of them many days, but I don't know the difference, but yeah, there's a hole here, so maybe that's helping to breathe more.And I noticed that, this is your pillow this one. One, two, three, four, five holes. Um, I think it's intentional. Yeah, but to be honest, I don't know. In general, your support, your head supposed to be cooler when you sleep your body's warm, but your head is, is better. If it's cooler. Check point number five, the memory foam, memory foam. So like this, I'm not memory foam expert, so I don't know, but it's hard to tell it's a bit hard, but this is more soft. Yeah. Yeah. That's for sure. This is more softer. Yeah. Hmm. So if you like more memory foam softness, this is winner. This is a bit hard. It has the memory foam though, but it's just, this is softer. Check point number six, the sheet. I mean, you don't necessarily have to use this, but the existing one who's included in the package. It's very nice silky. So I love it. And this is Aula and this is your pillow is more like a cotton type, but again, you can change. You can use any bed sheet doesn't have. I actually think this your pillow has your face pillow has a silk sheet, which I don't have, but to be honest, it doesn't matter. You don't need any shaped, cover. Any cover is fine because when you sleep, it's it's same thing. It doesn't have to be really like this special shape. You don't need that. You can use any bed sheet cover as you like on the, on the, both one. In my head, all are better, because it's a little bit shorter. I decided to use, uh, I decided to add this cushion part to make a little bit higher, but still it's a little bit lower than your face pillow and then yeah, so personally I like it, this Aula better, but it's totally up to you the, a little bit difference but almost very similar product. If you're interested in other face yoga exercise and tips. Check my app, koko face yoga. And also we, uh, doing certification course instructor certificate if you're interested in check my website kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see in the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 17, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetrical face Guest UserJanuary 20, 2021 Next 5 Scenes that you are Overusing Neck and Shoulder Guest UserJanuary 14, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Back Sleeping Support Pillow Comparison | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/15/back-sleeping-support-pillow-comparison"}
Fix Asymmetrical Face, Face Yoga, Face Exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetrical face And then slowly tilt your head then feel the big stretch. And then,Hi everyone. Today. I'm going to talk about the newest exercise to fix asymmetrical face. Disclaimer, this is not one exercise fits all, all the people, all the asymmetrical problem It's not like that, but I think it's worth trying. Because it might fix, it might improve the situation or not. I did the before video about why your right side is more sagging and another video was more why your left is sagging. So if you haven't watched that, please check it out because it's related. Um, yeah. And then, so first of all, I would like you to check something, not check infront of mirror, but do like this squint as much as possible to one side and then feel the tightness, tightness here, remember that, and then do the other side. This one is the one you are stretching right now. And then which side do you think it's more tighter? The one who feels you, feel more tighter is the one that I like to do some exercise on today. You could also do this neck stretch just 45 degree, but not this, but this shoulder down do like this head is 45 degree down and stretch, and then slowly, slowly, slowly stretch. don't do if you have neck pain, though, which side is more tight, tighter. In my case, this is more loose and this is, this one, and this one is more tighter because my head is rotated to more left side in my case. That's what I like you to find out which side is more tighter. So for this particular exercise, doesn't matter which side is sagging or that kind of thing, which side you feel more tighter. That matters. There are many reasons why you get asymmetrical face because the body is asymmetrical. This mandible is asymmetrical and the maxilla is asymmetrical many, many reasons. So again, this is not one fits all solution, but let's try. Let's do It. First, we need to relax our body and then shoulder down. So one, two, three, and down open your chest. And then we gonna work on this side because that's the tighter side. So put your fingers on your shoulder like this, and then the other one come up. We gonna do this, but don't move your head yet. Head straight. So like this, and then put your fingers like here, not here, not here, not here, not here, not here, but here around here. And then my head is straight still then a little bit up, a little bit up, a little bit. Stretch up, lift up your face and then slowly, slowly, slowly stick. Not stick, but the stretch, your neck, 45 degree. Feel the big next stretch. And then, Like this, like this then, Then slowly, slowly come up. Whew. Do you feel like this part is so much? Do you feel stretched? I feel a lot. Let me explain this step-by-step again. So first one, two, three, you can you can cut this part if you don't have time, but I liked doing that. And then this is a tighter, tight, tighter side. So that's what we're gonna work on, but it's up to you. It could be right side or left side. It's up to you. Depends on you. So step one and then shoulder this side, tight side, but just shoulder and the other one come up and then put your fingers like here, not here or any others, but like here, because you wanna stretch later and then next step lift up your face. But head is straight as of yet. And then slowly tilt your head then feel the big stretch and then, Like this. Then slowly, slowly, come back. I think this exercise works. If your con, if your asymmetry comes mostly from because of your head rotation is like this or like this, this side. And of course, if you, if your case is like this side, you're gonna do this, this part. If you watch my recent video about why you are left is sagging you'll understand this logic better. As this is a great to face and neck stretch, you can do this exercise, one side and one side. But if you do two, both side you wanna finish with the tighter side, one more. As I did this side twice and I did this time, this side zero times, I feel now this is more tighter, this morel looser. So I'm gonna do this one. So let's everyone do together again. You can do your tighter side. If you have done twice, you might wanna do the, the other side up to you first relax your body. One, two, three, then shoulder down. I usually do this side because, but I do twice already. So I'm gonna do this side now. So fingers, shoulders, down and then head comes to your head. Not head cheek. Yeah. Um, if this is like, don't try, to like this because that's gonna mess up your body posture. You don't have to do like this. You can just simply like, like this from side, like this, if this is hard, you can do like this too, but don't, don't lots of people do like, like this, you cannot reach it. So try to hide your forehead and then do like, simply like this. And then head is your head is not tilted yet. And then lift up your face a little bit. So like up a little bit up and then slowly, slowly stretch. Your neck feels big stretch coming. And then slowly, slowly, come back slowly. Because sometimes when I come back very quickly, I have has some neck pain. I didn't like it. I don't want you to have it. So slowly, slowly come back. As I'm learning from other masters and doctors, I will keep you guys updated, but this is one of the fixes one of the solutions to fix asymmetrical face so please stay tuned. If you haven't check our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's free download available and three day free trial for one year subscription. Also, we just finished the live stream intensive, intensive bootcamp for instructor from the 1st of January. But I had to, I wake up like at 5:00 AM and start teaching from 6:00 AM. It was hard, but it's so worth. It was so much fun and more instructors are coming. Also special announcement the first doctor, koko face yoga instructor was born. Yehey! I'm so excited because I can ask any questions and I am just like, so honored, honored to work with the doctor, so I'm hoping to bring her on our YouTube stay tuned. Thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 20, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Learn how to properly rub the eyes Guest UserJanuary 23, 2021 Next Back sleeping support pillow comparison Guest UserJanuary 17, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Asymmetrical Face, Face Yoga, Face Exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/20/fix-asymmetrical-face"}
Learn How To Properly Rub The Eyes | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Learn how to properly rub the eyes Rubbing, rubbing, rubbing, rubbing the skin the muscle is, is damaged and stretched and break it. Pressure is not this, but this, thisHi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to rub your eyes and let me explain three reasons why your way of rubbing your eyes probably is bad three reason, and how to properly do that because we sometimes have to rub your eye, our eyes. Number one, If you are doing like this, like this traditional way, and then you gonna get more eyebag and droopy eyelid and more lazy, lazy eyes. In your skull there's a eye socket bone here, this holes two holes. And there's, there are two eyeballs for vision, right? And inside the eye socket there's eyeball. And then there's a fat around the eyeball to protect the eyeball and then fat and muscle, right? But with age, this fat and the muscle around the eyeballs start dropping down from top down like this. Then you get unnecessary eyebag. And also because the top fat start dropping, you lose fat on the upper eyelid.Then you get hollow on the upper eyelid, right? But if you're doing this motion probably, you're kind of really pressing the eyes down, down, down, and then rubbing. So you're worsening this down motion makes sense? So you're in, in addition to the natural gravity and aging where it's already bring it, already coming down. But if you're doing like this, because you're pressing upper eyelid and then everything it's down, right? Down, when you rub, you have to touch your finger or something, um, on the upper eyelids. So the lower eyelid get more eyebag, fat here and also you're gonna damage the eye muscle this orbicularis oculi muscle is sleeping muscle because you rubbing, rubbing, rubbing, rubbing the skin. The muscle is, is damaged and stretched because it's down, down, down down, the more you stretch more, the more you damaged it,the muscle become weak, then it's like this.See this is just a band. But if you stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, and then break it. So it's gonna be like this. And then once you break it it's, it's think it's hard to recover unless it's a big muscle, but this is a smaller muscle facial muscle is a tinier than compared to body muscle. That's why. And then once you to get this you might have to do some surgery because you cannot open your eyes bigger anymore, which is a medical symptom, I think. And often happens to more mature audience, mature people. But even if it's not that serious, you don't wanna you don't wanna do it. You don't wanna damage the muscle and you don't wanna have this. Reason number two, why you should not do like this. It cause friction. And once you get a lot of tiny wrinkles because of skin friction, it's hard to hard to fix it because the skin around the eye is very, very thin and very, very fragile. It says, they say that's the thinnest skin area all over compared to all over the other body skins. So you keep doing it, doing it wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle. In addition to the overworking muscle it's levator labii superioris alaeque nasi is up, up, up either reason wrinkle and then in addition, you are doing like this. So double wrinkle, double reason to cause wrinkle here. I don't know if you can do like some botox, filler that kind of easily around the eyes, because you don't wanna affect, you don't wanna damage the eyeball. Reason number three, why you should not do like this is, it's causing damage to your eyeball. So there's eyeball and your hand here and then do like this, right? So the eyeball gets damaged and it gets drier, and drier, drier, because it cause an itchier, itchier, itchier because it cause inflammation. So if you have to, if you ideally, you should not rub your eyes, right? So you know that, why do we have to rub you, uh, your eyes because it's gets itchy dry or something, right? So instead if you try not to rub your eyes, that's for thing. And then like, uh, eyedrop or close your eyes to moisturize blink. I think I did a video about the blinking, how to blink, because I'm all about face posture or how to move your facial muscles properly for daily facial activities. So if you haven't watched the blinking part, please do because blinking proper blinking helps prevent dryness. So you will not have to rub your eyes. So those are three reasons why you should not do like this regular eye rubbing. The first one was the damaging the muscle orbicularis oculi so you get the droopy eyes and the eyebag. Number two, was prevent to prevent tiny, tiny wrinkle. Number three, was the stop damage your eyeball. Now let's move on to how to properly rub your eyes. So well, first of all, it's better not to do it, but if you have to do, I suggest doing this way.First, I think it's better not to use like this because now still during the pandemic, and you don't wanna have any viruses into your eyes, instead of use finger use like knuckle or something and then, or, or, or here or here or here, not the fingers. Step number two, instead of the hard, do slowly do gently like touching, you're like a bird, small bird or something like fragile because it's really fragile here. You don't, you wanna do like slowly, slowly, slowly gently, and then number step three, try not to press down. And then you get the eyebag and damage the orbicularis oculi.You don't wanna do that. So just gently rub but try not to bring it down because I, before I realized that I was really doing slowly, gently, but I was pressing down, then I realize it's not good. So try not to do, try to do very, very gently, very gently and try not to do more like not down, but this way the pressure is not this, but this, this gently, but again, it's better not to rub your eyes. I'm just saying that if you have to rub do gently and do not press down very, very important. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's free download and three-day free trial for one year subscription. And also I am doing instructor certification if you're interested in teaching, how to do face yoga to your clients. Check my website kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 23, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Buccal Corridors | How to smile with lifted mouth corners Guest UserJanuary 26, 2021 Next Fix asymmetrical face Guest UserJanuary 20, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Learn How To Properly Rub The Eyes | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/20/learn-how-to-properly-rub-the-eyes"}
Fix hollow under the eyes | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix hollow under the eyes One and two become united into one piece. Eye socket hole becomes wider this goes downHi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to fix or prevent this, uh, under eye hollow. There are three tips and exercises so check it out. Number one, one of the reason, one of the major reasons of this hollow below the eye happens is that facial osteoporosis. I did a video about facial, facial osteoporosis before, so check it out if you're interested, but in summary, this eye socket hole become wider this goes down. Because cheeks are down, cheek muscle that yellow goes down then this hollow uh, not hollow, but the eye socket hole in this one become bigger with age. So the easy answer, easy solution is to lift up this skull, lift up this yellow maxilla bone up to, to prevent the hole, eye hole become from becoming bigger. How do we do that? It's not easy because it's a bone thing.If it's a muscle, it's a little bit more easier in general, but the bone is not easy. But what we can do is tongue posture. Mewing our favorite mewing. So this one is your tongue and it's gonna be lift, touch on this here, yellow part palate on the mouth. And then if so the tongue is gonna lift up your skull this yellow, then fill the hollow under the eye. I'm not going to do all the mewing 101 video because I did that before. Check it out if you haven't checked that, but basically you wanna put your tongue on top, on, not on top, on the palate all the time to lift up this yellow maxilla bone.Number two, lift up your cheek muscles. So mewing was mewing was a bone thing. And this cheek exercise is a muscle thing that I'm specialized in. So let's, uh, let's talk about that. The same principle applies to the cheeks. So if the cheeks, cheeks bones are up and then cheeck muscles are also up, it's gonna filll the hollow. So I've seen so many before-after photo there's a big eyebag and hollow, and this is like one piece. And then there's a cheeks. So there are a lot, like one, two, two, two things happening. But, if you lift up your cheeks, muscle and the bone, it's gonna be one and two become united into one piece. Have you heard of a cheek squat? If you haven't checked my video, but let's do it because it's very, very essential, important exercise. First relax your body and then, oh then uh, when you do uh,show the upper teeth at least eight, like this atleast eight and then cheeks are up, then tuck the lower lip inside, then correct tongue posture, posture, tongue is very important.Yeah. And then, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten relax. When you relax, it should be like muscle, muscle, muscle and then relaxed. You should feel some burning sensation. Otherwise it's not effective. I recommend you to try this exercise one or two or three times per day. Consistency is a key, but more importantly, I like doing face posture per day, which means how to move your facial muscles properly for daily facial activities, such as eating check my eating video. If you haven't but basically you wanna, when you eat instead of chewing or, you wanna do hmm, hmm, hmm. hmm. So every chew every time you chew, you are waking up this sleeping muscle to lift up the cheeks. To me, this cheek lifting up chewing, chewing habit movement is more important than cheeks squat, but cheeks squat is important too. But if you don't have, if you don't wanna do so many things, try to do the hmm, hmm, hmm. Eating system please because it does make big difference. Number three, lower eyelid lift up. So similar to cheek squat, it's also squat but this time lower eyelid, because this is probably, you have seen this a lot, but blue is sleeping muscle, red is overworking and this time. We gonna to really try to lift up the lower eyelid because it's super dark blue, which means dark sleeping, not dark, deep sleeping, deep sleeping, super sleeping. So we really, really need to do to wake up all the other, um, obercularis oculi eye muscle especially lower eyelid because the reason why you get hollow is this low, this, um, eye muscle start sagging. So you, we wanna really lift up. Plus when this is up, it's easier to lift up the cheeks as well. For detailed instructions check my lower eyelid lift videos. But basically you wanna lift up lower eyelid only without moving anywhere else like this.My master does this exercise hundred times per day. I cannot do the hundred times, but I try like 10 times per day. It's the, I personally think the, the amount you do quantity is not that important quality is important. Make sure that no, any air, no anywhere else, anywhere else should not be moving only lower eyelid. And again, I did a how to easily do this exercise, check my other videos if you're interested in. So those are three tips and exercise. So let's summarize everything. First one, is you wanna lift up your cheeks, cheek muscles uh not muscle, the cheek bones to fill the hollow to shrink the eye socket hole size by doing mewing to lift up the bone, yellow bone maxilla. The other one was cheek muscle exercise, cheek squat, and chewing. And last one was a lower eyelid lift up exercise. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's free download available and three-day free trial for one year subscription. And also I am offering face yoga instructor certification course on demand. Please check it out If you're interested in check my website kokofaceyoga.com. Thank you so much see you on the next video bye. Guest UserFebruary 1, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips for proper face posture Guest UserFebruary 4, 2021 Next Hair growth update Guest UserJanuary 29, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix hollow under the eyes | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/25/hollow"}
How To Smile With Lifted Mouth Corners Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Buccal Corridors | How to smile with lifted mouth corners Stick out your tongue like this and then up, up.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about what is Buccal Corridor and how to keep lifting up the corners of the mouth up when you smile, because buccal corridor is a related for important, for beautiful smile. So let's talk about what is buccal corridors. You know buccal massage? if you're interested in doing buccal massage, check my other video, because I did that, how to do before, but this time buccal means inside of the mouth and then corridor. So corridor inside the mouth is buccal corridors. I learned the word buccal corridors from vibes with me. Thank you so much. Basically, when you smile corners of the mouth is a little bit lifted and there are teeth. You gonna show teeth. And then at the end of the teeth that you're showing, in my case, one, two, three, four, fifth one is a slightly showing, right? But it's not really like this in my case.It's not showing much. So I show one, two, three, four. One, two, three, four, and uh, about 8 teeth when I smile. And the last one is like a black hole black triangle part. So that black area is buccal corridors. In my case, it comes next to the fourth, one, two, three, four, fifth one is not really showing and the buccal corridor is, is showing instead, but it's, uh, it's really up to the person's facial, facial structures. And you might have, you might show, I might guess it's 10, but you might show 10. Or even if you're Julia, Julia Roberts, you might, she might show 12 teeth because she has a beautiful, wider teeth, but doesn't matter how many teeth you show the end of the teeth that you're showing should have some black hole, which is the buccal corridors. Now let's move on to how to create beautiful buccal corridorswhen you smile. I think there's a big part of the teeth that teeth has to be straightened and have a good alignment. First of all, that's one thing, but that's not a thing that I can do because not, I'm not orthodontist, but what I can do for you to achieve that is lift up the corners of the mouth exercise. Because I feel like it's a little bit lifted up more the buccal corridor shows a little bit more. So let's do it first, use your hand. And then the index fingers is gonna be corners of the mouth to keep it lifted up like this, and then smile with the teeth showing at least eight, eight teeth showing and then stick out your tongue is like this and then up, up.The tongue is down up then down up. When the tongue is moving, it's easy to hide your teeth like this, that's not a good example. I would like you to keep showing the upper teeth at least eight all the time. When the tongue is swinging up and down up, down up all the time, at least eight teeth are showing. That's a, that's a challenging part. In order to do that, you really have to keep it up. That's why it's a good training to lift up the corners of the mouth. We've got finger. It's easy to sag like this, and it's hard to keep it up. That's why I like using fingers. And also the other thing, this area, what's the word. This joint area is hooked on the chin so that your chin does not move bad example is like, like this not the, not my body, but the chin is moving.Eh, eh, eh, eh, is not good. If you have to move your chin, that means you're using the chin muscle mentalis muscle, which is not good. I would like you to keep lifting up all the time. So this area should not be any, should not have any tension. That's why in order to prevent the chin from moving, you hook it like this, and then keep it up corners of the mouth up like this. Then tongue up then down up, chin moves a little bit, but try to stabilize as much as possible. Let's do it three repetition. So corners of the mouth is up hook it, so that hook the chin so that it doesn't move. And then tongue up and then up, uh, teeth showing upper teeth at least eight up, up, up, up, up this is a very tiring exercise. It's actually really good for tongue strength, strengthen, how to strengthen the tongue. Because if the tongue is weak, it's not strong enough.And then it's easy to lose the mewing posture, tongue posture, you know, what is good tongue posture, right? If you don't know what it is, check my other video mewing 101, but assuming, you know what it is,in order to keep it up, you need tongue strength. And this exercise is, I think it's great for the tongue strengthened the tongue I talked with the my orthodontist, who is developing the method with me and she likes it too. By the way, do you know what the difference between E smile and V smile, not the BTS V, but the V smile, if you don't know the different check my other video to learn how to smile properly. But if you keep doing the E, E risorious masseter E smile. That's not the you're not gonna lift up the corners of the mouth correctly. So when you smile, you need to really train to V smile, not E smile.That's another thing. Anyway, let's do it one more time. So use your finger index finger is gonna be corners of the mouth. And when you smile, if either one is like down or up, try to make it as symmetrical as possible. Check your mirror and then show upper teeth at least eight, at least eight or ten even you might show ten. Julia Roberts gonna show 12, but I'm not Julia Roberts I don't think she's watching this video. So eight or ten at least, and then smile, make it straight so that it's more symmetrical smile. And then, um, shoulders down always then hook the chin with the fist like this so it does not move much. And then smile up,then tongue up, up, up, up, up, up. It's better to do instead of the tongue down up is better than this, because this is too easy. After you kind of get used to this motion and chin is not moving, corners of the mouth is up all the time. And then you can do without finger like this smile. And then you see the buccal corridors here, at least showing upper teeth and then tongue is up, up, up, up, up, up. This is tiring. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's a free download available and three-day free trial available for one year subscription. And also we are thinking about doing some periodical meetup, zoom meetup, or something like that and to with the app users. So why not? I like to meet you guys online. Thank you so much see on the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 26, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Hair growth update Guest UserJanuary 29, 2021 Next Learn how to properly rub the eyes Guest UserJanuary 23, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Smile With Lifted Mouth Corners", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/26/how-to-smile-with-lifted-mouth-corners"}
5 Tips for proper face posture | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips for proper face posture Natural killer cells are eating up the bad guys. This tongue tie is really connected to all the way to vaginal area. 50% on this butt.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about what is correct face posture when your face is resting. In other words, like right now, you're listening, you're watching my video and you're not talking, right? Probably unless you're eating or drinking or not talking or anything like that, your face is resting, not doing anything right? That is, um, resting face posture that I'm gonna talk about today. I really think this is very, very important because there so many exercise you can do, but exercise is like 10 seconds each time or something. And it's very short time. You gonna do only three to five minutes per day in total, I think in my opinion. So other than the exercise time, if you're doing bad face posture when your face is resting, you're not gonna see good results, which is really not good.That's why let me introduce five tips, five points, you check that you wanna check for your face when your face is resting. Number one, body posture because body and the face are connected. So if the foundation, which is a body is asymmetrical or do the bad body posture, it's impossible to, it's impossible for the face to have, keep good face posture. So always try to put your head on your spine and butt. If you're sitting, you might wanna think about the seat bone on your butt, 50% on this butt seat bone, and the other 50% on this, the other seat bone, should it be like, like this, and then both 50%, 50% so that you're in a straight line. I am not a big fan of crossing legs if possible. Try not to do that.But if you have to cross your legs, I know, I understand. I do sometimes too. I try not to do, but I sometimes do. But if you have to do that alternate right side, left side, right side, left side so you use the both. Another bad posture is like doing like this and working on computer, not just the body is really bad, but the neck has a lot of tension here because you're doing like this, right? And this tension is gonna be distributed to the skull all over the skull. And then when the skull has a lot of tension, that tension comes to forehead and then your face is hanging on the forehead. So all the face is gonna be too much tension. When you're doing this bad posture, it's gonna be like pulled down from forehead, like down.And then this is working muscle, always up, up, up forehead right? So it's worsens then. And then you might think that, Oh, my eye eyebrow is gonna be lifted. So that's good. It's not that when this is overworking up, up, up, the forehead gets very, very tense and then lose elasticity and it cannot hold the forehead and then it cannot fold fo-fold, hold It cannot hold the eyebrow so it's gonna sag. You might think it's gonna be up, but it's opposite. It's gonna sag because the forehead is gonna lose elasticity. Number two, mewing tongue posture. Correct tongue posture, I'm not gonna go over there because I did the video mewing 101 please check it out If you haven't. This has been very popular. So I'm, uh, that's my, one of my favorite. I would like you to watch it if you haven't. But anyway, um, another thing that I learned from dentist, Dr. Mona, that I have been working with for the developing the method, she told me that, um, there's tongue tie right? This tongue tie is really connected to all the way to vaginal area. So it's like, there's a lot big straight line from this tongue tie nerve is connected. Yeah. So when you sit down and when you have a good tongue posture, please think about that. You're tongue tie is, and then coming down the neck and goes straight to the vaginal area. If you think that way you can easily sit or stand straight. Number three, do not do TCH teeth contact habit it's not good when your face is resting. So when upper teeth and lower teeth is touching, when your face is resting? Should not be touching. If it's touching it gonna cause unnecessary tension that is gonna contribute to TMJ pain or grinding. I know this is a bit controversial, but no any dentist, I think as far as I know, said that it should be really grinding when your face is resting, right? Some people might say lightly touching. But a lot of the doctors that I talked to, they say should not be touching. Some Japanese doctor that I read the article from, they say, TCH teeth contact habit is worse than grinding because it's like light pressure, but it's long hours per day, every single day. So it can be worse than grinding. In summary, upper teeth and lower should be very, very, very little, very tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny gap in between all the time. Number four, mouth corners. Corners of the mouth should be a little bit up not. Mm mm mm mm. Because when this happens, if the corners of the mouth are down, it's gonna like, eh, sagging. It's gonna drag the cheek muscle down and it's gonna cause more jowl because it's sagging and it's gonna cause more chin tension, which is really bad. You've seen this, right? This is a bad chin tension that's gonna drag everything down. So it has to be relaxed. And if it's like this, it's easy to have caused tension. Either the corners of the mouth It's like a straight line or little up is good. It is very tiny difference, so let me show you.By the way, have you heard the word natural killer cells? This is a really strong cells that is produced when you're happy, when you feeling positive or when you're having big laughter, natural killer cells are gonna be launched in the body. And this natural killer cells are meant to attack bad guys like cancer cells, or any bad foreign object, not many, not maybe not any, but a lot of bad, bad, um, foreign object. So this is the scenes that I was so impressed. It's like that killer cells. Natural killer cells are eating up the bad guys. And I heard that from a nurse that sometimes for cancer patients, they get injection of natural killer cells to kill cancer cells. But if you are positive and big laughter all the time and smiling all the time and then you produce it naturally.So you do not need such expensive injection. So I think this corner of the mouth a little bit up really helps me in, uh, keep me in a good positive mood. Personally, I've been trying many years and it's been really working. So I like really would like you to try it, not just for beauty purpose, but for positive mindset. It's personally really working.Number five, eye tension especially this 11th you don't wanna do that right? Um, in general, when you're looking at computer, the eyes gonna do cross view, like this, cross view a little bit cross view. Not! I'm exaggerating right now, but there's a little bit cross view happen. And when the cross view happens, a lot of tension in inside here is gonna happen. And that cause the 11th line. A lot of eye fatigue and no, no, no, no, no, no, no It’s not good. So when you're in front of the screen, computer at desk, always, it naturally goes to do, like, this goes like this. It just happens, but we should not do that. So always think about your head is on your spine and butt in a straight line so that you, you will not do this. And also try not to do the. Like don't focus too much because that's gonna cause a lot of tension which can lead to the 11th lines, eye wrinkle all the bad stuff. If you know that you're causing a lot of tension, but cannot stop it. And then just say, no, you don't have to say peep but touch, touch, touch, touch just touching. Touching helps to reduce the tension suddenly. So I highly recommend, I mean, you have to wash your hands, kind of thing, but just touching really helps.Some people wear tape all the time when you're working, because work is stressful sometimes. And then lots of tension. So yeah, some people wear this and if you're wearing a tape here like cross, and then when you do this one and the tape tells you that you're doing it so it's a good training. On my desk, I have two mirrors all the time so that I can check my face posture all the time especially this one. So those are five tips for correct proper face posture, body posture, mewing, corner on the mouth is a little bit up or straight, do not do TCH and do not cause tension relaxed the um, inside the eyes, not inside the eye it's in between the eyebrows and eye area here. Thank you so much. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's free, free download available and three day free trial for one year subscription. And also if you're interested in teaching how to teach no, teaching face yoga to support the greatness of face yoga, check my website for certification course. We have a certification for medical professional as well. Thank you so much see you on the next video bye Guest UserFebruary 4, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous FAQ about mewing Guest UserFebruary 7, 2021 Next Fix hollow under the eyes Guest UserFebruary 1, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips for proper face posture | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/4/5-tips-for-proper-face-posture"}
5 Scenes You Are Overusing Neck & Shoulder | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Scenes that you are Overusing Neck and Shoulder Instead of E people do E see? E like this E wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle E, E.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about the five scenes in your daily life that you might be using the neck muscle unnecessarily too much. If you guys have followed me for a long time, sometime you know, the red one is overworking muscle should be relaxed and the blue is sleeping muscle so we need to wake up, and the neck muscle, especially sternocleidomastoid and trapezius, so those are overworking muscle and the benefit of overworking the neck this muscle is, because this is connected to other facial muscles like Dao Depressor Anguli Oris. If every time you do overworking, overusing this muscle, this gonna bring everything down.Then you get the everything down. Cheek is gonna be saggy, nasolabial, jowls. Everything is gonna be dragged down. So we really need to relax the neck and shoulder all the time. So let me introduce five scenes in your daily life that you might be overusing the neck muscle. Then you get more line on the neck and everything starts saggy.Number one, you might be swallowing too hard by using the neck muscle. And I did a video about it previous one. So check it out if you're interested in, but in summary, you don't wanna do like this. When you swallow water or food or saliva, you wanna swallow like, you don't really see the movement much. Very little movement. It's not, it should not be like, uh, should not be like that. Number two, neck breathing you might be breathing from in the neck, which means something like people breathe. We breathe a lot of times, I think it was 20,000 times. So if you are doing a neck breathing every time, of course, the neck muscle and shoulder muscle get tired, too much fatigue, too much lactic acid. And then that creates muscle knot, that's why you have neck pain and shoulder pain, right? So this should be relaxed. You should always try to do the AB breathing, not neck breathing. Number three, speaking, talking, singing, or something, whatever, talking something. So especially I noticed people say, when you say E instead of E people do E see? E like this E wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle E, E very bad. It's not good. So in my Koko face method, we learned, uh, E uh, in Japanese, A I U E O in English, A E I O U. If you wanna know more, check my video about how to speak, especially when you say E, you don't wanna do E you don't wanna do that. You wanna do E that's the point. Number four, yawning I did a video about yawning in the past. So check it out. But this is a little bit more updated information included. Basically, I learned that when you yawn that is a sign that your body is tired. You're mentally tired, physically tired. So it's time to relax. That's why the brain tells you to yawn, yawn like this. So, because yawning is a time to relax. Reset your body should be relaxed too. But lots of people do. Maybe I'm doing too but. Shoulders up neck is causing tension. Not, not good. So next time you yawn and you can practice yawning too now, but when you do yawning, your neck should be relaxed. Your tongue uh no, your shoulders should be relaxed as well. And then you guys know that you should not do right. Check my video if you haven't, but you wanna do, neck should be relaxed. And when you yawn, what about the tongue? There's something, this is upper teeth, palate, tongue. So when yawn like this and the beginning of the tongue, which is like here, here like a throat, you close the throat should be down like down down, down it's hard to do it, down, like this, like this so, tongue is pressing down. So neck should be pressing down too not up.Number five, this is the most important thing, because it takes a long time when you're focusing on something, when you're working on computer could be like, like this, or like this, like this, like this always, always lots of tension in the neck and neck and shoulder. And then you might not really think about neck, but if you, if you have a lot of tension, which means neck is, has a lot of tension too, it's kind of a set because it's close each other. So we really need to, um, including, including the back of the neck, right? So we need to really be aware of relaxing the neck and shoulder when you're working on computer, or when you're doing something, when you're even watching TV and some thriller, something very scary is happened. And you're like, Oh, and then that's causing a lot of tension. The more tension you have in the neck and the shoulder, that's gonna drag your skin down.So in summary, the more you relaxed neck and shoulder, the better for the face, because it's gonna help to lift up your face. So, um, swa- swallowing, breathing, talking, yawning, and when you're focusing on something, please be aware to relax the neck and shoulder all the time. Haven't you tried our face yoga app yet, please try It's free download and three day free trial available for one year subscription, and also if you're interested in becoming face yoga instructor. Check my website kokofaceyoga.com and thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 14, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Back sleeping support pillow comparison Guest UserJanuary 17, 2021 Next Why soft swallow matters Guest UserJanuary 11, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Scenes You Are Overusing Neck & Shoulder | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/14/5-scenes-that-you-are-overusing-neck-and-shoulder"}
Eliminate Mid-Cheek Lines — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate mid-cheek lines The reason why you get this mid cheek line is.This big eye muscles starts saggy, but this Nasi muscle is acting up. So it's like sleeping muscles and overworking muscles are fighting each other and shows outline. What you wanna do is use your fist and hook it below the cheekbone . And then up then relax the Nasi muscle to reduce the mid cheek line 10 seconds.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about mid cheek line. I did a video about three kinds of wrinkles, but this mid cheek line is kind of a folded one, basically this orbicularis oculi eye muscle start sagging because you see this is blue right? Except the beginning so basically it's big blue donuts muscle start sagging because it's sleeping, but see this levator labii superioris alaeque nasi is lifting up. So it's kind of fighting each other. This is like this big, the big one is sagging but this is up. So it's like, like this and that fighting shows us the difference between the overworking muscle and sleeping muscle. That the what's the word boundary or the, the difference between them shows us this line mid-cheek line. So basically we gonna do three things, but lift up the orbicularis oculi muscle because it's sagging that's one thing. The other one is relax this levator labii superioris alaeque nasi so we gonna do the three things.Number one, Iower eye lid lift up everyone's favorite classic exercise. So we are trying to lift up the super sleeping, dark blue, lower eyelid. Let me show you how first. So look at my lower eyelid. It's like this, as you can see, other areas are not moving. Upper eyelids are not moving. My eyebrows are not moving forehead are not moving only lower eyelid and try in front of mirror If you can't do it, if you can do this, that's great. Otherwise, if the other areas have to move that, that means the lower eyelid is weak. So we wanna, we, that's not good. That's not good because that starts sagging. So let's use do some trick, other exercises. So use a finger peace like this and the hold it to prevent the wrinkles and stabilize and then look 45 degree down, then lower eyelid lift up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up try more and then you might see, you should see some movement.When you lift up lower eyelid. When you see it, it might be easier for you to do it. One, two, three, four, five, and then try like 10 times. That's one way, or this is one of the challenging one. And it really depends on the person. So some people like doing like this, like this or something other people might like Oh, make, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, and might be easier. But I don't really like this because you don't wanna stress the philtrum. So only do only if you cannot do at all with this, you cannot do. And then oh don't do too long times because you don't want to stretch the philtrum too long. Lower eyelid lift is very, very small muscle. So you do not, you do not have to do big movement. If you do big movement, you gonna cause a wrinkle. You should not cause wrinkle when you do it. And if you have to cause wrinkle, use your finger to prevent it. So that was number one exercise to lift up the entire big donuts muscle. Exercise number two, this time as we lift up the orbicularis oculi eye muscle-up now let's relax the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi which the over working muscle. There are multiple ways to relax this, but my favorite is hold it. And then one, two, three, four, five you might feel a little bit pain, but that's a good pain to remove reduce. So that's fine, but don't do too hard though, because you don't wanna get the inflammation. And then the reason why I put the finger here is, uh, without finger. I realize if you do like this, you're stretching the eye skin. Eye skin is very, very thin you don't wanna stretch because it's very thin.So hold it so that doesn't stretch too much here, but you wanna relax this muscle. So one, two, three, four, five, like this, it's almost like a little bit up. This is a little bit up and this is down so that it's more effective massage. Again I feel a little bit pain, but that's a good pain. Just don't do too much because, and then when you do too much and then the nose get inflammation and it becomes bigger, which is not good. So be careful. Moderation is a key. Tip number three, another massage exercise, which is my favorite. I've seen the results personally. So let's do it. Um, so you use a fist and the hook under the cheekbone and then up and then relaxed. So it's like this hook it and then lift up your cheekbone and then relax like this, relax one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight nine, ten and then let's do the other side then, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.And you can actually can do both at the same time. I did one each for the demonstration purpose, but you can do both. The thing is you don't you wanna just relax the muscle and the make the separation a little bit vague. So you don't want massage here. If you massage the separation between orbicularis oculi and this nose nasi and then the cheek, and then, the mid cheek line become more clearer, which is worse. You wanna, you wanna eliminate the line. That's why you just relax, relax, relax. Don't touch here. Don't massage here. That's very important that worsens the line. Don't wanna touch it, just from a bottom-up, then relax like this to make the, to make the line less visible. So let's do one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.So those are three exercise. Remember this donuts muscle, eye muscle is saggy, saggy, saggy, and that is a line So you wanna lift up, up, up, up by doing lower eyelid lift up exercise and relax this nasolabial not nasolabial. Levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscle and then, and then you wanna hook it, hook the fist below then cheekbone and then up then massage to make the line less, as less visible as possible. If you're interested in other exercises, which is an organized way, check my face yoga app, cause it's free download available and three day free trial for the one year subscription. And I am doing also instructor certification course. If you're interested in becoming instructor to help people, to help people more people achieve the best version of your face. Check my website kokofaceyoga.com and see in the next video. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserJanuary 1, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing Guest UserJanuary 3, 2021 Next Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How to Apply Cream more Guest UserDecember 27, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Mid-Cheek Lines — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/29/eliminate-mid-cheek-lines"}
Skin Ironing | How To Iron The Skin Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Skin Ironing | How to Iron the Skin Pointy and then use a finger to sandwich.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to do skin ironing. Skin is like, sometimes like this fabric. So it's folded wrinkly and then long time and when you, when you unfold the lines stay. But the fabric is like this elastic one. It does not have any wrinkle because the fabric is elastic. So if the skin is elastic, it does not leave the lines. And also like fabric. If the fabric is like wrinkly thing and then, what do you, what do you do to erase the lines? You, iron right? Ironing, ironing that's what I'm gonna talk about.Number one, nasolabial lines. So find your mirror and then check where the nasolabial, the laugh line is starting from it's the beginning of the nose. I mean, not the beginning of the nose, but the beginning of the line is next to the nose here. Not here, not here, not here, not here, not here, but here. Yep. So my suggestion before skin ironing technique is that when you add some skincare cream or something, every, every time you do right? So you can use your finger ah not finger, but the tongue. Now I found something. I don't know what it is. uh, nevermind. Anyway, point here and stick out.So you kind of retry to add the cream inside the beginning of the nasolabial line. It's like sandwich. So you use the tongue pointy and then use a finger to sandwich. So tiny circle five times and then reverse it for each.Tip number two, let's iron the eye wrinkles around here, here, this one under the eye. So the way we do is when apply skincare or eye cream, you do like this. Oh, oh so make oh face and then look up without moving forehead without moving eyebrow or anywhere else. Just did oh, oh, oh and then quickly. Quick, quicker the better, I mean, not quicker, the better, but to some extent you don't wanna stretch the philtrum too long. That's why I like doing this quick, but this way you can stretch the skin, which is, has so many tiny, tiny wrinkles here. So you wanna stretch it, stretch the skin and then apply the cream.So it penetrates deeper into the skin. By the way, you guys know the lower eyelid lift up exercise, right? So that is a exercise part. And this oh, oh thing is a stretch. So that's a good, good example, training facial muscles, and then stretch training, stretch, training, stretch. This is a key for elastic skin elastic muscle. And that same thing applies the body. So for body, lots of people do exercise, exercise, exercise, and then stretch. Let's, they do that. So we should do the same for the face. The areas to iron number three, as we did this one, let's do crow's feet. Crow's feet is definitely folded, folded, folded lines. So you, and then it happens because the skin's elasticity decreases. So you, when you do skincare or eye cream, hold it and the one, two, three, four, five, and iron up iron, iron, iron, iron, iron up. Especially important when you do, if you do at night, because you wanna reset the lines the, the lines that created during the daytime, you wanna erase it before you sleep so that you sleep better and you wake up more rested face. So you wanna really do it. It's okay to do it in the morning too, but you wanna do it especially at night. The areas to iron number four, forehead but forehead has two areas this 11th and this horizontal one. Let's talk about the horizontal, 11th first 11th, you touch it and then you feel the big bump corrugator muscle it's always in, in, in, in, you watch, if you look at this, this dark red means super overworking it's in, in, in, in, in always. So don't do that. But in addition, you want iron out the lines, the corrugator rock up, out. I mean break it, break it, break it, so break it, break it, break it, break it, break, one, two, three, four, five.You wanna hold it so that it doesn't cause wrinkle, but in my case, I do quickly that's it? So it doesn't cause wrinkles. So I just don't use any fingers, just quick version. I, but I do every single day and I have seen good result personally. So that's my favorite. The other one is a horizontal line. This is overworking up, up, up this red one. Frontalis muscle is always up, up, up, up. So you wanna relax it, by using finger down, down, down, down down one, two, three, four, five, I've seen so many massage technique to up, but I don't like it. And I have a massage therapist license called CIDESCO, which is really most prestigious classes for beauty therapists in the world for real, but, and I learned to do up, but I don't like it. Always down, down, down, down. It doesn't really make sense to up it. If you wanna relax the muscle, you down it, down, down down one, two, three, four, five one, two, three, four, five. Iron the muscle down to relax. The area to iron number five, neckline this horizontal one. If you are interested in reducing this vertical one that's a different story. So check my other video to learn why it's happening and how to fix that. But I'm talking about the horizontal one, this is definitely another big folded muscle, because you might be looking your phone or computer and always looking down. Of course you get the line. And also sleeping is important too. If you're sleeping like too much, too high sleep pillow, and then you do like this and of course, you gonna get lines. Personally, I like, I like, um, neck back sleeping pillow so that it does, I don't cause wrinkle.And if you're doing side sleeping, and if you feel like this line is deeper than this, probably you're sleeping like this all the time. So I highly recommend you check my not mine, but the pillow that I use, it's on my Amazon shop below in the link so check it out. Back sleeping support pillow, so that actually I use this way. Instruction is telling me, telling you to use like this, but I don't like it. I use opposite way. It really helps stop side sleeping. But wait we're talking about ironing, ironing story today. So let's talk about iron, how to iron the neckline, unless you have neck pain, you can do this. So shoulder down and chest open, slowly look up then.The tongue should not be round, It's not good. You wanna pointy tongue. After many places to iron, let's review it again, let's wrap it up. So first one is nasolabial, nasolabial and then next one eye wrinkle under the eye. And then iron the crow's feet, 11th, forehead down, down, down, down, and the last one was the neck. When you do neck, make sure that you're not causing wrinkle on forehead. You might wanna close your eyes. That's okay. I don't want you to cause more wrinkles than doing the exercise. So make sure that you're not causing wrinkle. You're not raising eyebrow or anything. Just relax, everything except the uh. If your interested in other exercises check my face yoga app, it's free download and three-day free, free trial for one year subscription. So why not? And also I'm doing face instructor certification course if you're interested in teaching, check my website kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 8, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why soft swallow matters Guest UserJanuary 11, 2021 Next Classic Tape Method That Still Works Guest UserJanuary 5, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Skin Ironing | How To Iron The Skin", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/8/skin-ironing-how-to-iron-the-skin"}
Why teeth are crooked | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why teeth are crooked Guest UserFebruary 10, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The best training method for mewing Guest UserFebruary 13, 2021 Next FAQ about mewing Guest UserFebruary 7, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why teeth are crooked | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/2/10/why-teeth-are-crooked"}
Frequently Asked Questions about Mewing | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account FAQ about mewing Guest UserFebruary 7, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why teeth are crooked Guest UserFebruary 10, 2021 Next 5 Tips for proper face posture Guest UserFebruary 4, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Frequently Asked Questions about Mewing | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/16/reduceprevent-mid-cheek-lines-lines-on-the-cheeks-lift-up-exercises-and-face-shiatsu-massage"}
Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing — Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing You're working out the tension has to go somewhere the answer mew.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about three kinds of mewing suction levels. But if you don't know what mewing is or what correct tongue posture is, be sure to check my other video to understand the basic part. Basically, there's a word hard mew and soft mew and I got question what is what? So I wanted to talk about this and then this is a little bit, there's no clear answer yet. I think according to Dr. Mew in my understanding, so the three kinds is this is my understanding. As I'm, I'm learning from other masters. Number one, soft mew this is a most basic standard one. When your face is resting, tongue should be touching on the palate. This suction between the palate and the tongue, the suction level I think it's a soft mew and according to Dr. Mew. I think in my understanding, and that should be done all the time. 23 hours, more than 23 hours per day. The reason I say 23 hours is that when you get it, when, when you do a doing the correct tongue posture and the soft mew unconsciously when you're awake, you've be doing this correct mewing, soft newing even when you're sleeping. That's why I said 23 more than 23 hours per day. Number two, a little bit harder mewing when you swallow something. So let's swallow your accumulate saliva and let's swallow the saliva. When you swallow saliva this is upper teeth, this is palate, this is a tongue. Should be, should be like the tongue is a little bit expanding and a little bit pressing, pressing your skull do you feel it? When you swallow tongue is touching the palate and then lifting this maxilla, the yellow one. This is like center of the face. And you should feel a little bit lifting this skull, entire skull a little bit, a little bit lifting when you swallow. That's what I mean by a little bit harder mewing. Number three, hard mewing this should be done very, very limited occasions. For example, when you are very stressed, like when you're lifting up, like lifting up a big weight or doing some hard workout or something, and then when you're doing some hard workout a lot of tension happens to the face and the neck area. But, um, very often people get tension in the jaw area, which is not good because then you're gonna develop more masseter muscle to create more TMJ pain, which I don't like it. So remember this red one is overworking, which you should relax. Then the blue is sleeping muscle to be woken up, to lift up your face but anyway, when you're doing the hardwork and then this masseter muscle might get a lot of tension. So when, when that happens, instead of having tension in the masseter, this jaw area, I suggest you do mew.Move the tension from here to the tongue. And the of course, lifting up the skull. That's what I mean by hard mewing. So in summary, when your face is resting, you should be mewing soft mew, light mew but no, no, no air between the palate and tongue so light suction all the time, 23 hours per day. But when you swallow saliva, when you drink something, when you eat something and when you swallow something, not just saliva, anything, the tongue is a little bit, little bit harder. Little bit tiny, tiny, tiny bit though lifting up you should feel a little bit lift up. And number three is the hard one, which should be done in limited occasions, like working, working out. Because I, I see sometimes lots of, lots of tension, unnecessary tension on the shoulder and the neck when you're doing the workout. And sometimes you get lots of, uh, um, not vein, but a vertical line on the neck, which makes you look older.That's not good because if you have unnecessary pain, not pain, press, press, pressure or tension, tension in the shoulder and neck and masseter muscle here that's, that's not good, that's bad for face. So you wanna, even when you're relaxed, when you, when you're doing the, working out exercise, you wanna relax here, but it's hard to do because you are working out. The tension has to go somewhere the answer mew. The tension can go here because this tension, tension is safer than neck or shoulder in my opinion. But obviously, I'm learning so much new things almost everyday. So stay tuned in, uh, in my, in this YouTube so that I can update you guys. If you're interested in Koko face yoga method, be sure to check our face yoga app, free download, and three days free trial. If you do it on the yearly subscription. And also we are doing, instructor certification course. If you're interested in teaching face yoga method to other people. Check my website kokofaceyoga.com see you in the next video. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserJanuary 3, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Classic Tape Method That Still Works Guest UserJanuary 5, 2021 Next Eliminate mid-cheek lines Guest UserJanuary 1, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing — Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/2/soft-mewing-vs-hard-mewing"}
Classic Tape Method That Still Works Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Classic Tape Method That Still Works You can buy for this same purpose, but I think this medical tape is much cheaper and it's more available. So I hear a lot of positive comments from the people who actually do this.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about three classic tape method that still works for anti-aging. The tape I'm using is regular 3M tape but for medical use, not the regular DIY paper craft, regular tape but the medical use. And I like silk tape. If you just start silk tape, this one that I'm using is in description box below, just search my, just find my Amazon shop link. But if you just start silk tape or something like that, you get the, this kind of medical tape. And then the good thing about this medical tape, silk tape is that when you, when you, when you take it off, it's easier than regular, other regular tape. Because when you put some stuff on the tape on your skin, then when you remove it, you don't wanna damage the skin. If it's too much sticky, too sticky, it can damaging. It can be skin damaging. That's why I like silk tape. The tape method that I'm still doing every single day method number one, lip seal so you get something like probably I use like this amount, maybe like one to three centimeter or something depends on your mouth. But I use very, uh, yeah, three centimeters or something, very little small one like this, and then just lip seal when you sleep, of course, you don't do this when you're awake, but when you sleep, I need to keep my lips sealed tight, not tight, but lightly close all the time for nose breathing and other anti-aging purpose. And I think I did a video about that. So check my other video, if you haven't, if you don't understand why you should be doing those breathing when you're sleeping and it's super, super, super important to keep it sealed on when you're sleeping.Because if it's open, you're gonna stretch the skin and you get, you can get jawl. And also, but most importantly, more importantly, for health reasons, you wanna do nose breathing and, but anyway, get something like this and then just seal it. You don't, you don't have to, in my opinion, you don't really have to make it really tight, just lightly touching it helps and then just sleep. And then when you wake up, generally take it off because this is a silk tape. It's easier to, it's not really skin damaging, but you just have to be a little bit careful when you take it off. I really like this simple method. So I've been doing almost every single day. Sometimes I forget because I'm too sleepy to do it. And then, but the good thing about this is because I'm doing every single day, it remembers to keep you seal.So sometimes I forget, but it's still close when I wake up. So it can, it helps reprogram the facial muscles, the orbicularis oris muscle to, to rest in close position when you're sleeping. Even without this, if you do this there, um, on a regular basis. By the way, if the tape is too sticky for you, when you take it off. And then if that's the case, before you put it on, reduce the viscosity, viscosity of the tape on purpose, by attaching on your shoulder, or I don't know, hand or arm or somewhere else and then do it. Tape method mumber two, 11th for this method, you can do this when you are awake and sleeping both. In Japan, there are multiple tape that you can buy for this same purpose. But I think this medical tape is much cheaper and it's more available. So I like it because I cannot go to Japan easily anymore because of the pandemic I'm trying next year though, next year I mean 2021.I'm shooting this is December end of the year, I don't know when it will be published, but anyway, you get this tape maybe like this, and then you attach, stick the tape on here like this. And then if you like, you can do one more like this and then like a crossing, just be careful do not touch, do not touch the oh, do not touch the eyebrow because you don't wanna, when you tear off, you don't wanna remove the eyebrow hair right? So just not attaching, I'm just lightly doing it. You might wanna do like little bit like this so that it doesn't touch the eyebrow like this and cross. So cross like this. So one, two, but just by touching like this and then muscle, muscle kind of relaxes, that's fine. There are some kind of products like this. Um, it's, it's like this, you do this, but it's the same thing as this, right?So I don't think we need this and just touching helps relax the facial muscle. That's the point. So if you are sleeping, sometimes you get nightmare. And when you wake up, you have lot, some deep lines here. If that's the case, you really want to relax the facial muscles, especially here. So you do this and then just sleep to help. I hear lot of good, positive comment, feedback from the clients that I do this method personally, I don't do this because I don't have that big, deep line. So personally I don't do it, but I hear a lot of positive comments from the people who actually do this. In fact, you can do this when you're awake too. Why do we do this? Because if you are having tape like this and then cause tension and then cause wrinkle 11th on purpose, and then you notice more easily so that you don't need a mirror to check your facial expression all the time.Because when you are doing probably during this 11th line, facial expression habit too, unconsciously right? So you wanna be reminded that every time you do so that you can stop it. So this is a good way to train. I mean, good way to be notified every time you do. So just touching here, the tape is just a medical, regular tape. It doesn't have any Botox effects or anything or anything like that. So it's not, it's not the tape itself. It's not gonna fix the wrinkles, but it helps relax the facial muscles and helps you not be noticed every time you cause the wrinkle because you're supposed to not be doing it. The tape method number three, not the 11, but the horizontal lines on forehead. So in the same idea as the 11th, you want to relax it. So you can do this when you're sleeping and when you're awake, both, you will just stick it here. And then every time you do this, the tape tells that, the tape tells you that you are doing it. So it helps you train not to do it. And also when, probably this is a, I mean, it's okay for sleeping, but I'm not sure if you are doing this one when you're sleeping, but I just hear from some clients that do this and then this, um, this line is iron when you're sleeping. So it's, uh, it's helping to reduce the lines. It's like a memory form. So if, if you iron it every single day when you're sleeping and then the muscle is relaxed and the is like a memory, please let me know if you try it. If you have any good result or not, I would liked to know your, your result. Anyway, I really love this lip seal one so, if you don't wanna try this, if you don't have to do this, you don't have to cause I'm not doing it either.But please try this. If you think your mouth is open when you're sleeping, because this is like super long, and then it's just very short. So this last forever, not forever, but maybe like three months, five months, six months, one year even. I don't know. But I mean, I've been liking, I've been liking it so much. There are some other companies who sell this kind of a special tape formulated for the specifically for designed for the lip seal purpose, but I've tried it, but it's good. Yeah, it's, it's, uh, it may be a little bit better than this because it's easier to seal and yeah, but it's a super expensive and this is like only $3 or something and it lasts long time. So I really like it highly recommended. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it. It's free download and three days free trial available for one year subscription. And also I'm doing face yoga instructor certification if you're interested in becoming teaching, uh, teaching instructor to help other people achieved the best version of your face. Check my website kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserJanuary 5, 2021 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Skin Ironing | How to Iron the Skin Guest UserJanuary 8, 2021 Next Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing Guest UserJanuary 3, 2021 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Classic Tape Method That Still Works", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2021/1/5/classic-tape-method-that-still-works"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How to Apply Cream more Guest UserDecember 27, 2020 Mewing 101 Guest UserDecember 24, 2020 5 Tips to reduce TMJ Pain Guest UserDecember 21, 2020 Aging is a Disease Guest UserDecember 18, 2020 What does asymmetrical mewing mean Guest UserDecember 15, 2020 Why your Right is sagging Guest UserDecember 12, 2020 5 Types of Pores Guest UserDecember 9, 2020 Lift up Cheeks Guest UserDecember 6, 2020 3 Types of Facial Wrinkles Guest UserDecember 3, 2020 5 facial Muscle Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 30, 2020 5 Facial Bone Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 27, 2020 Shorten Philtrum by Activating Philtrum Exercise Guest UserNovember 24, 2020 Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows Guest UserNovember 18, 2020 My Eye Color changed! Guest UserNovember 15, 2020 Choose Side Sleeping Pillow for Side Sleeping Guest UserNovember 12, 2020 3 Tips That I Think Worked Well To Improving My Speaking Habit Guest UserNovember 6, 2020 3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines Guest UserNovember 3, 2020 What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing Guest UserOctober 30, 2020 How to Fix Droppy Nose Guest UserOctober 27, 2020 Why Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip Guest UserOctober 24, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1609517760611"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! More defined epicanthic folds Guest UserMay 5, 2021 Fix bulldog cheeks Guest UserMay 1, 2021 Create Black Pink Jennie's cat eye Guest UserApril 27, 2021 Jaw Exercise To Fix Asymmetrical Face Guest UserApril 23, 2021 Reduce Forehead Lines Guest UserApril 20, 2021 Make Nostrils Slimmer & Follow Golden Ratio | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 17, 2021 Fix frown lines between eyebrows Guest UserApril 14, 2021 Move ears to lift up the face Guest UserApril 11, 2021 How to speak better way for anti-aging Guest UserApril 8, 2021 Fix Triple Eyelids Guest UserApril 5, 2021 How To Eat In A Better Way For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Guest UserApril 2, 2021 5 tools to train nose breathing Guest UserMarch 30, 2021 5 Beauty reasons why you should nose breathe over mouth breathe Guest UserMarch 27, 2021 Don't do those while working out Guest UserMarch 24, 2021 How to keep lips moisturized Guest UserMarch 18, 2021 Warnings about jaw exercise tools Guest UserMarch 15, 2021 Stress is NOT the main cause of your grinding Guest UserMarch 12, 2021 Fix asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 9, 2021 5 bad habits to cause asymmetrical nose Guest UserMarch 6, 2021 Fix Jowl & Marionette Lines Guest UserMarch 3, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1614520800773&reversePaginate=true"}
Face Yoga Blog | Facial And Body Exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Koko Face Yoga blog is a collection of unique facial, body exercises, and skincare secrets that helping others achieve the best version of themselves. Featured May 2, 2023 Create Fuller Lips May 2, 2023 May 2, 2023 Apr 6, 2023 The BEST Exercises Tips to Make Temples Fuller Apr 6, 2023 Apr 6, 2023 Mar 11, 2023 Asymmetrical mewing causes asymmetrical face Mar 11, 2023 Mar 11, 2023 Feb 22, 2023 Eliminate Jowl Feb 22, 2023 Feb 22, 2023 Feb 3, 2023 Don't move___ If you want to fix asymmetrical face Feb 3, 2023 Feb 3, 2023 Jan 22, 2023 Reduce or eliminate mid cheek lines Jan 22, 2023 Jan 22, 2023 Jan 12, 2023 Can you swallow without teeth contact Jan 12, 2023 Jan 12, 2023 Jan 3, 2023 Tips to reduce or eliminate vertical neck lines Jan 3, 2023 Jan 3, 2023 Dec 19, 2022 The Most Effective Tips to reduce Jaw or TMJ Pain Dec 19, 2022 Dec 19, 2022 Nov 24, 2022 Why you should keep space between upper and lower teeth Nov 24, 2022 Nov 24, 2022 Oct 26, 2022 3 Exercises to activate Malaris Muscle Oct 26, 2022 Oct 26, 2022 Oct 24, 2022 Why Faces Become Longer with Age Oct 24, 2022 Oct 24, 2022 Oct 4, 2022 How to eat for better faces Advanced version Oct 4, 2022 Oct 4, 2022 Sep 10, 2022 5 ways to fix your asymmetrical mewing Sep 10, 2022 Sep 10, 2022 Jul 13, 2022 5 Ways to use tape for Anti-aging Jul 13, 2022 Jul 13, 2022 Jun 22, 2022 Remove jowls Jun 22, 2022 Jun 22, 2022 Jun 14, 2022 To Justin Bieber or whoever got facial paralysis Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Jun 14, 2022 Jun 14, 2022 May 30, 2022 5 Tips for better looking smile May 30, 2022 May 30, 2022 May 17, 2022 3 Changes since I started Face Yoga and Face Posture May 17, 2022 May 17, 2022 May 12, 2022 Asymmetrical walking May 12, 2022 May 12, 2022 May 8, 2022 Relax Butt Chin May 8, 2022 May 8, 2022 May 4, 2022 Eliminate double chin May 4, 2022 May 4, 2022 May 1, 2022 Do remove wisdom teeth if May 1, 2022 May 1, 2022 Apr 27, 2022 Don't remove wisdom teeth Apr 27, 2022 Apr 27, 2022 Apr 26, 2022 Eliminate Mid Cheek Lines Apr 26, 2022 Apr 26, 2022 Apr 22, 2022 Eliminate crow's feet Apr 22, 2022 Apr 22, 2022 Apr 18, 2022 How to whiten eyes Apr 18, 2022 Apr 18, 2022 Apr 14, 2022 Guest Article: How to Grow Your Jaw Muscles (100% Naturally!) Apr 14, 2022 Apr 14, 2022 Apr 8, 2022 Facial muscles vs Body muscles| Apr 8, 2022 Apr 8, 2022 Apr 4, 2022 4 Chewing muscles to relax Apr 4, 2022 Apr 4, 2022 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Blog | Facial And Body Exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog-1"}
Mewing | Keep Correct Tongue Posture Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Mewing 101 Today we will discuss the basics of "mewing", which refers to maintaining correct tongue posture as coined by the renowned Dr. Mew. Proper tongue posture involves placing the tongue on the roof of the mouth, specifically the palate, rather than the bottom of the mouth or between the teeth. This is because when the tongue fully touches the palate, it helps lift the maxilla bone, resulting in a lifted face with numerous benefits. Conversely, if the tongue is placed on the bottom of the mouth, the weight of the muscles pulls the face downward, leading to a sagging appearance. It is crucial, particularly for young individuals still growing, to master correct tongue posture. Here are five tips to help you easily achieve proper tongue posture.1. Click itTo perform the suction technique for proper tongue posture, slowly press your tongue onto the palate before clicking it into place. This suction should be maintained for around 23 hours per day, including during sleep, to make it a habit and ensure constant correct tongue posture, even unconsciously.2. Say NAs for tip number two, if the suction technique does not work for you, try saying "N, N, N, N, N" while expanding your tongue slightly to the sides and fully touching the palate.3. Swallow saliva onlyslowly accumulate saliva in your mouth and then swallow while expanding your tongue slightly to the sides and fully touching the palate.4. Drink waterWhich is similar to accumulating saliva, but with a larger amount of liquid to work with. Slowly drink water, and when you swallow, expand your tongue slightly to the sides rather than the front. This technique may be easier to feel and perform correctly.5. Feel the speed bumpsInvolves feeling the two speed bumps on the palate. Begin by placing your tongue close to the throat and slowly sliding it along the palate while maintaining contact. You should feel a soft speed bump near the throat and a hard speed bump behind the upper teeth. Keep the same contact and pass both speed bumps with a PPPPP sound to achieve full suction on the palate.Summary: The tongue should be fully expanded on the palate for correct mewing, especially for young people. If not, the palate won't grow properly, leading to crooked teeth. To breathe properly with correct mewing, it's important to have good body posture. Nose breathing is easier with correct posture and tongue position. If you have trouble breathing, check your body posture. Correct mewing and posture are both important for good dental health. Guest UserDecember 24, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How to Apply Cream more Guest UserDecember 27, 2020 Next 5 Tips to reduce TMJ Pain Guest UserDecember 21, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Mewing | Keep Correct Tongue Posture", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/23/mewing-101"}
Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How To Apply Cream More Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How to Apply Cream more Don't apply like this you wanna stretch the skin then apply. So it penetrates deeper in the skin and you, you really wanna add moisturizer because it's, it gets easily dryer because it's a thin skin.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent tiny, tiny, tiny wrinkles, but a lot of wrinkles around the eyes. Recently I did three kinds of facial wrinkles. So if you haven't checked that please do. But this one is I think, combination of overworking muscles, overworking and dryness and lack of elasticity on the skin. So let's move on to three ways to fix the wrinkles. Number one, stop doing bad facial expression habit. This is kind of the most important thing. So even if you don't have those wrinkles, you will get it. If you keep doing this bad facial expression habit, for example, when you're smiling, bunny smile or gummy smile, they're like this wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle that cause wrinkles. So when you smile, you wanna smile with eye area, the nose area relaxed. My other video about how to smile beautifully by relaxing, unnecessary wrinkles. That shows really good instruction. So please watched that if you haven't, but basically you wanna relax this levator labii superioris alaeque nasi. This is the one who's always going up, up, up, up, up, and cause more wrinkles here yeah. So you wanna relax this sometimes I do. And I recommend you to do about and just relax the nasi muscle one, two, three, four, five, then one, two, three, four, five to relax it. In addition to smiling other common facial expression habit is yawning. I did another video about yawning so please check it out. But basically you, you don't wanna yawn like wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle you don't wanna do that. That's what you want to prevent. So every time you yawn, I yawn, I use finger to relax this levator labii superioris alaeque nasi yeah this one. You wanna touch it by touching, you can prevent wrinkling, wrinkling. That's one thing, but also by touching, touching then the brain, Oh, I have to relax.Brain, realize that I have to relax. So touching helps to relax this muscle. Another thing, if you have poor eyesight, you might be squinting a little bit when you try to read something or watch something, especially because people at home and in front of screen all the time. So you might be doing like this, like this, in addition to 11th I'm causing a lot of tension. You might not see wrinkles, but it has a lot of unnecessary tension that, that will become wrinkles in the future. So try not to have tension in here. It's important to wear sunglasses outside as well, because if it's too bright, you gonna squint and cause wrinkle. Number two, let's do some exercise to wake up this outer, lower eyelid muscle instead of inner one. Because when this is have a lot of tension it's going to in, in, in, in, and it cause wrinkle. So you wanna have more muscle wake up outside, out, out, out, out here instead of inside. How do we do that? The classic lower eyelid exercise. Let's use a finger to make sure that you are moving outside, not inside. So this is the area you wanna up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up down only lower eyelid is gonna be lifted up, down, up, down without moving anywhere else. 10 times per day. Um, if you closely look, you, you might see that it's a little bit trying to in, out, in, out. This is not what we want. So if this if that's motion is happening. You might wanna stretch a little bit, not this, but a little bit out, a little bit out to move the tension from inside out. I highly recommend you do this exercise in front of mirror to make sure that other areas are not moving. So let's do it one more time, but I recommend 10 times, 10 rep per day, at least per day. So put your fingers outside of the eye because this is what we want to move. If you watch the malaris video, that's it. Malaris is the one we are trying to move.Tip number three, dryness. We need to prevent dryness. So because the skin is very, very thin around the eyes. So when you do skincare or eye cream, when you apply instead of rubbing, rubbing or rubbing is really bad because that cause friction and damage the skin that cause more wrinkles. So never do that. And I like gentle touch especially around the eye. So when you do apply eye cream here, you wanna little bit stretch by making Oh face, oh, and then look up without moving eyebrows. That's it. You don't wanna do this stretching motion too long time because you wanna stretch out the skin. If you do too long time, that can be dangerous. So I would say just like a one second or two seconds or three seconds maximum. Every time you do it, but basically let's do it again. Make Oh, look something you don't have to do this hand part.I'm just demonstrating. But eye movement is all a little bit up. Try not to move your, moving forehead or eyebrow or more wrinkle in here. If you do like this, it's not effective. And because you're causing wrinkle, I don't want you to cause more wrinkles by doing the face of exercise super important not to cause wrinkle. If you wanna check if your causing wrinkle on the forehead or not use your phone and then check it. Another tip is a lots of people do like this, this motion inside, out, inside out. I just don't like this motion because it can cause a friction. Even if you use lubricant, which is the eye cream, cause you're doing every single day. So I like feather touch. I like light touch, patting like that's it. When you apply body lotion on your elbow, for example, see, there are many wrinkles here, right?So you don't apply like this. You wanna stretch the skin then apply. So it penetrates deeper in the skin. And you, you really wanna add moisturizer because it's, it gets easily dryer because it's a thin skin. That's why I like stretch the skin quickly just one second, two seconds, three seconds quickly, and then apply it patting. The previous exercise was, uh, lower eyelid up, down, up, down, up down, right? That's a training exercise. And then you, then stretch, training, stretch, training, stretch. This is a key for elastic skin. You just don't wanna stretch this thin area too much, too many times or too long time. So those are three tips to reduce or prevent eye wrinkles, tiny ones. And the first one was stop doing bad facial expression habit, like bunny smile or squinting, or you might be doing like rubbing.Don't do that or yeah. So those any wrinkle-causing actual like yawning. Yawning, yawning you might be doing. So that's not good. Then number two was uh eyelid exercise, but try to do the outer one. This is, this is what we want to wake up, not inside. And number three was eye cream. How to do eye cream. So you wanna do to stretch quick. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it because it's a free download available and three day free trial for one year subscription. And we are doing instructor certification course as well. So if you're interested in becoming face yoga instructor with me, check my website kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserDecember 27, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate mid-cheek lines Guest UserJanuary 1, 2021 Next Mewing 101 Guest UserDecember 24, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How To Apply Cream More", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/25/reduce-eye-wrinkles-how-to-apply-cream-more"}
Reasons To Change The Eye Color | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account My Eye Color changed! Drinking, drinking, drinking almost everyday, like 10 years, every couple of days. It was not every single day, but now.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about my eye color change. My eye color was always like little bit dark brown. Which is very typical for Asian face I think like this, and then it was being around like this. But recently I feel like when I, when I saw a mirror, suddenly I noticed that my color the eye color got a little bit lighter than before. So I did some research and this is a rare, rare case. And maybe I'm going crazy. Maybe it's same. It's been like this. I don't know. But I think I have, uh, I found a reason. The reason is my diet changed a lot. I am right now, 41 years old. So when I was younger teenagers and twenties, I was drinking too much, so much diet coke all the time for like, almost like 10 years, almost every single day.Cause I didn't know the how bad it is. I didn't know much about it. I was just drinking, drinking drink and zero calories. So you will not gain weight. So I thought it's, it's fine. And I was drinking, drinking, drinking almost everyday, like 10 years. So my, my, my diet was so bad. I was eating more junk foods, not too junky but more junk food than now. Then five years ago, I moved to the United States and Los Angeles has lots of, lots of healthy food. And Japan has lots of healthy food, but somehow I didn't eat healthy food as much as, as much as much as now, before. I don't know why, but I got more influenced. I got older, so I have to take care of myself. So my overall diet become way better than before. So that's one thing. But the bigger thing, I think that contributes to the eye color change is a normal constipation.I used to, I used to poop bowel movement every three days, every two days or three days or sometimes four days, every couple of days. It was not every single day, but now pandemic started. So this year since pandemic I became more healthier and then I'm, uh, I have bowel movement every single day now, but it was not happening before. The reason why I studied bowel movement every single day. I think I need to give credit to carrot juice because I got a new juicer. If you can see that this one, I got the new juicer and I do carrot juice, drink it almost every single day. And the carrot has lots of, lots of strong pigment. So this is a carrot juice, juicer thing. But even, even though I wash so hard every time I juice it with hand, the pigment is, I don't know if you can see it, but, um, it's a little bit orange here because of the strong pigment.I, what I'm trying to say that if you drink a lot of carrot, your poop color change, your skin color might change. And your eye color might change. And also, um, my partner is very, very organic person. He eats lots of organic food, so I got more influenced than before and my diet became more organic. Eye color change it's not a common thing. And maybe it's not happening. I don't know. I'm just, I don't know. But, um, the point is if you have bad diet and then if you have some constipation situation all the time, and then you became, you eat more healthier diet. You, you, you have bowel movement every single day and then your skin become more clear and your eye color might be more, a little bit more lighter, but if you already have good diet, you have bowel movement every single day now, and then it's not gonna be changed. It's not gonna be the big change I think. If you haven't got our face yoga app yet, it's free download available on Apple store and Google play. So please try that. Lots of cool new features are launched. See you in the next video thank you so much bye. Guest UserNovember 15, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows Guest UserNovember 18, 2020 Next Choose Side Sleeping Pillow for Side Sleeping Guest UserNovember 12, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reasons To Change The Eye Color | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/15/my-eye-color-changed"}
5 Facial Bone Benefits From Mewing | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Facial Bone Benefits from Mewing If you are concerned about too tall or too big nose and you're not doing mewing. I say 23 hours per day, because you mean, I mean the mewing you're supposed to be doing because.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about five benefits facial bone benefits from mewing. If you don't know what mewing is check my other video to make sure that you understand because that's the most important thing out of all the Koko face yoga method. Assuming you know what mewing is, and let's go. Number one, face grows forward, instead of longer with age um, face become longer. That makes you look old so ideally, you don't wanna have longer face you wanna have the forward. You wanna grow the face forward. Basically, when you're doing mewing you're lifting up this yellow maxilla from this, this area in the mouth palate. So the maxilla become it's like a foundation of the all the other, other um, blue and green and red and orange and everything it's connected from here, right? So this is super important, like a base for the face. So if this is up and forward everything is gonna be out. Number two, your cheekbones, cheekbones are going to be lifted because you lit- literally directly, directly lifting up this yellow maxilla. I mean, the name of this bone is not yellow maxilla just saying yellow, because it's easier for us to understand. But look, this is literally just like cheekbone, right? Yes, cheek muscle exercises is important, but if the bones up it's easier to do, it's easier to have higher fuller cheekbones. Not bones but the cheeks. So the face exercise to lift up your cheek muscle is important, but this is more important to be honest, cause it's more like a base, there's a ball and muscle and then fat and skin.Number three, your nose might not look like too tall or too big because remember this maxilla yellow one is gonna forward right? If you do mewing. So if you don't do mewing, this is gonna sunk in, in, so the nose it's like more out because this base is in, makes sense? So it looks unnecessarily tall, too tall, or too big. If you're concerned about too tall or too big nose and you're not doing mewing, you should really, really, really, really, really be serious about mewing. Number four, eyes so the same thing, same story as the nose. But because see this eye socket the base is this yellow maxilla. So when the maxilla is in, you get like a sunken eye under the eye. You don't wanna have that. So that's why it's not just around the mouth. It's so related to even cheeks, nose, even eyes. Number five, lips so lip is upper lip is here. I mean, number five is not lips, but the lip upper lip the upper lip is here. And there's um, philtrum here, right? Because the maxilla is maxilla is moving uh, placing, growing forward out. This is gonna come out so the you get more looking like a fuller and more what's the word fuller lip only upper lip because the tongue is gonna be here. Tongue is not gonna be in the on the bottom. If the tongue is on the bottom, you might look like you might have more fuller lower lip. But what I like is fuller upper lip and I did a controversial video here so if you wanna watch it please check it out.So those are five reasons why you should do mewing in terms of attractive bone, bone positions, bone growth, or bone structure. So the face become look move forward, not move, but grow forward, so you not gonna get longer face and fuller upper lip and the fuller higher cheekbone, not too tall nose and uh, no more sunken um, under the eye. By the way, I did a interview video with the our favorite, favorite, favorite legendary doctor the Doctor Mew.So if you haven't checked out, please check it out. This is a little bit off topic cause not the face, but it really affects the body posture too, because let's try the experiments. You open your mouth, puts your tongue on bottom of the chin don't do mewing as an experiment. And then, and then re um, inhale from the nose or do mew mewing and close your mouth and then inhale from the nose, which is easier, or which one? I think it's obviously, um, the mewing when you do mewing, it's easier to do nose breathing so it's not just the attractiveness the, the beauty reason, but the health reason. Also, if you are not doing probably very likely that your body posture is not good either uh.Probably like this I'm exaggerating. That goes more like a tech neck or scoliosis or lots of lots of body um, that stuff in the body as well, not just for the face. So it's important to keep doing it. I say 23 hours per day, because you mean, I mean the mewing you're supposed to be doing, because once you get you, you can do this, the correct mewing when you're awake, even when you're sleeping, you be doing it. That's why I say 23 hours per day. But not just that, I have more idea about the some muscle benefits from mewing. So stay tuned in the next video today was bone benefits, facial bone benefits from mewing, but the next one is gonna be muscle facial muscle benefits from mewing. If you haven't got our face yoga app, which is available to free download and free trial, so please try it available on Apple store and Google play. All the exercises are in app. Also we launched certification instructor certification course. So please check my website if you're interested in becoming instructor because they have really amazing course, and there's another one, another course for medical professionals as well. So if you're have medical professional, you should, you might wanna check, check it out as well. Thank you so much see on the next vide bye. Guest UserNovember 27, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 facial Muscle Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 30, 2020 Next Shorten Philtrum by Activating Philtrum Exercise Guest UserNovember 24, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Facial Bone Benefits From Mewing | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/20/5-facial-benefits-from-mewing"}
Shorten Philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Shorten Philtrum by Activating Philtrum Exercise Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about philtrum. How to shorten philtrum and philtrum is one of my major concern. I've been struggling to be honest, as you can see a little bit longer than I'd like, so I don't like it. And I've been trying to find any good exercise to do philtrum in the past I did a video about philtrum shortening exercise, but that was so hard. That was actually kind of developed by Japanese dentist that I tried to follow it, but that was so hard. Then I found figured it out finally, little bit more easier way to feel the philtrum muscle. Special thanks to Linda, who emailed me about some new exercise idea. And I got inspired so let's do this today. First, wash your hands and then use um first relax. You need to relax the mus-muscle here.Bigger vibration bigger the better, and then use a finger to create the duck lip. Create the cupid's bow this and a little bit up because if you don't do it it's gonna sag we don't want that. So a little bit up and then create the cupid's bow on purpose. And now a little bit duck lip so this guy is gonna be a little bit up and then relax the lip. Then, so try to try to like that the philtrum and upper lip it's out in, uh, not like a little bit open but out, relax close, out, close your mouth, out, close your mouth. It's not, bad example is instead of no.And you're using this, uh, levator labii superioris alaeque nasi. I remember the name now um, this you know, you don't wanna use uh, you don't wanna use other muscle. You don't wanna use cheek muscle. You don't wanna use nose muscle. You don't want to do that. You just want to move this area. So when you do it, if you are doing like,This is bad example, so other areas should not be moving. Only philtrum should be moving. And um, because of orbicularis oris lip muscle is round doughnuts and connected lower lip moves chin moves a little bit. But this should be relaxed as much as possible, even though little bit moves, but try to relax here, including lower lip and try to use the upper lip only. Even though it moves a little bit, let's do it again. So create the duck lip and then create the cupid's bow on purpose. 10 seconds, 10 times open, close, open, close 10 times, and then keep the, keep the shape.Relax the chin, relax the lower lip and I have a lot of tension in here now. You might not be able to see it, but I'm feeling it here and then keep this posture. Lip posture, as long as possible when you're working, when you're walking, when you're driving, when you're cooking, just keep it as long as possible. As I'm super conscious about the philtrum, I'm gonna definitely, I've been doing more couple of weeks and gonna do longer to see result. And I will update you guys, but please let me know if you like this exercise or not. I will. I just would like you to feel this mo-movement muscle here. Not this one, not this, not here, not here, but this one and by doing it, it really, in my case, it helped me a lot to feel it. So I have, I'm very excited about new exercise and I'm gonna really try it.In addition to the exercise. Every time you drink, I like you to try this. So when you drink bad way, traditional regular way of drinking is there's a cup. You come to drink bad posture and ooh, this is very bad. So from now on, if you're concerned about philtrum, if you are not concerned about philtrum even cup come to you so that you keep good posture, head is on your butt. And then turn your smile to reduce, reduce the tension in the chin. And then the one we did the exercise, we did similar movement.So it's like, if I don't have this, uh, drink come to me see? Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, and the drink it. And of course, when you drink, your tongue has to be up mewing of course. By doing so every time you drink, you're doing the philtrum exercise. So how many times you drink? I don't know. I drink a lot water because I, um, since pandemic, I'm a stay at home all the time. And because of the restroom is right there. It's easy to go. So I don't have to, I don't have to look for toilet which means I drink a lot, maybe three, three liters or something like that per day. So every time I drink,You think this philtrum muscle. Actually, there's another tip that I see, I face police very often my clients. But um you don't wanna do thing. You don't wanna do this rub thing because that's, the muscle is gonna stretched out. It doesn't come back because it's tiny smile, a tiny muscle. It's not gonna get to back the elasticity back. So you don't wanna rub it the less you rub it the better. So when you have a, you might have a habit to do this, don't do it. Or sometimes people do lipstick and then just do it to blend people, do it. I have urge to do it, but I try not to do it. I don't do it. I don't like it. By the way, I change a YouTube format. As I got some comments that I talked too much. I'm sorry. At the beginning, I would just do that exercise without talking, just do it. And then introduction.Introduction, the teaser introduction. Yeah. And then, hi everyone. And I talk about the more detail about the exercise, more detailed instruction warnings or common mistake or something like that. I hope you like it. But please let me know. Thank you so much. That's it for today, but stay tuned for other videos. And if you haven't got the app yet, please try it. We started the three-day trial free trial. So if you don't like it, you can cancel within three days you will not be charged. So that's, that's our new feature. And also we are doing instructor certification. The live stream will be next year, 1st of January, 2nd of January, and third of January, check my website, kokofaceyoga.com if you're interested become a instructor. And also we just launched instructor certification for medical doctors. Now I got to I got, I have lots of experience with doctors and I'm learning so much really appreciate it. Including Dr. Mew And then, yeah, so we are doing for a special certification for like the orthodontics or fractional dentist, dermatologist, plastic surgeon, or anti-aging doctors, because we get so many inquiries from them. We decided to do it finally. Super excited, so stay tuned and check my website and see you in the next video thank you so much bye. Guest UserNovember 24, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Facial Bone Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 27, 2020 Next Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows Guest UserNovember 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Shorten Philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/24/shorten-philtrum-by-activating-philtrum-exercise"}
3 Types Of Facial Wrinkles | Forehead Wrinkles Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Types of Facial Wrinkles Yeah, I don't really do water bottle either. Fold, folded situation like this wrinkle fabric thing.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about three kinds of facial muscles, because if you know which type of the wrinkle goes to which area you might be able to improve that condition more quickly. The three types are. Number one, overworking muscle. Number two, coming from dryness. Number three, folded like this fabric wrinkles. I'm gonna talk about seven major wrinkles in the face from top-down. Number one, forehead wrinkles, this horizontal one, and this one 11th. Those are definitely super red, which means always up, up, up in, in, in, overworking muscle. Blue sleeping and red is overworking. So that's, that line definitely comes from overworking muscles. So when you do skincare, you might want to do relax down, down, down, down, down, down like this one, I did a video to smoothen, how to smoothen the forehead. So check it out if you haven't watched it yet.Number two, crow's feet. This is definitely coming from this fold, folded situation like this wrinkle fabric thing. So you might wanna do more cream like eye cream or some moisturizer to, um, iron out, out, iron the line. Same as fabric when you wanna straighten the iron right? same thing so you wanna iron it every single day. Every time you do skincare to yeah to just iron it. And also because the eye skin is very, very thin compared to other areas. And when it's get dry, I mean, it's easier to get dryer, dryer than other areas. So you use, you wanna use a lot enough moisturizer or eye cream or something to, um, keep it not dry, moisturized. Number three, fine lines around the eye, especially the inner one that's, that's a combination from this. Some people like me overworking muscle is acting up because this levator labii superioris alaeque nasi is acting up all the time. So you wanna relax that. And I did the video, how to smile with this relaxed. So check it out if you haven't and also dryness matters too. Same thing, same story as the previous one it's a dry area. Eye skin is very, very thin So you wanna make, you wanna use enough moisturizer. Number four, nasolabial line, laugh lines, smile line is definitely coming from being folded long time, like fabric, but this is a little bit more complicated because when the skin is sag down, because it's down and the dao muscle, you have'nt watch the dao video, please do. Dao is jerking down everything is down. So you wanna lift up your cheeks, relax saggy muscle dao. Um, that's one thing, but the other thing is, um, this is, um, folded. So you wanna iron it again with your, not here, only the next to the nose that's where you wanna stretch out from inside out.Number five, lip line the vertical one ppp ppp ppp above the upper lip coming from folded. So like, if you straw use a straw all the time or doing this water bottle, you don't wanna do that because that habit cause more muscle memory and because the lines so stop doing, using straw as much as possible, if you can, and I don't really do water bottle either. Um, and also you might wanna relax then, the iron out, out, out, out when you do skincare cream.Number six, this line when you do E smile this one definitely coming from being folded long time. Like the fabric again. Yeah. So the way to fix is not really moisturizer, but um, more important thing is stop doing E smile and, uh, you should do V smile.Number seven, let's talk about neck. Neck has two kinds of lines one is horizontal one, this is definitely coming being folded long time. Because your pillow is too high. So it's like this, or you're looking down on the phone the computer always looking down, down, down.The so skin, skin is fa- like fabric it's, it's folded too long time and it caused wrinkle. So that's stop doing that. If you know that's you have it and, um, also yeah, check your pillow size. And the other one is horizontal one like a hmm. It's hard for me to do it, but hor- no, no, no horizontal vertical one, vertical one. Yeah ppp and sometimes you might get hole in here. Because you are for example, you're very skinny person or, and or you're using this muscle too much every time you speak every time you breathe. So do the ab breathing really helps not to, not to use the neck muscle.If you wanna know more detail, I did the video about the horizontal line and vertical line on the neck. So check it out. If you haven't got our face yoga app yet please try it. It's free download available and free trial. And also I am doing live stream for um face yoga instructor course next year. So, and you can do, if you're busy on that specific timing, you can do displayed on demand as well. So check it out. If you're interested in becoming a face yoga instructor kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserDecember 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Lift up Cheeks Guest UserDecember 6, 2020 Next 5 facial Muscle Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 30, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Types Of Facial Wrinkles | Forehead Wrinkles", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/28/3-types-of-facial-wrinkles"}
5 Facial Muscle Benefits From Mewing - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 facial Muscle Benefits from Mewing The saggy cheeks or nasolabial line, jowl, marionette line, or anything like saggy. Sucking on the palate to the palate here right? And not many people talk about it yet.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about five facial muscle benefits from mewing. My previous video was about other benefits from mewing but in terms of facial bones. But this time it's going to be muscles. Number one, mewing reduce chin tension. Oh, by the way, if you don't know what mewing check my video, it's an AKA correct tongue posture. Assuming you know what it is, let's move on. But anyway, moving, shifting the chin tension from bottom up, that's the really huge thing for me, because not just for me, but everyone in general, that is a super big topic to me. But not many people pay attention yet because they don't know much about it. But anyway, this is my, um, I'm still working on it, but the red is overworking muscle, which overworking up, up, up, in, in, in, out, out, out, down, down, down.So this is the one, you wanna relax it. And the blue is sleeping muscle that you wanna wake up to lift up your skin right? So if the tension chin has a, I have like light is so much but anyway, the chin has a lot of tension, like a, tension, tension, tension, this mentalis, and dao it's gonna bring down, down, down. If you haven't watched my dao, D A O video, please check it out cause it's interesting. Um, yeah. So if you do correct mewing tongue is up. So you, you can move the tension from bottom up. So if you're concerned about like saggy cheeks or nasolabial line, jowl, marionette line or anything like saggy or wrinkles, like especially from here, from the nose down. This is the enemy that you wanna relax it, the muscle. And then the mewing helps relax the muscle because this is shifting the tension from here to the cheeks. Number two, reduce pain on the jaw areas, especially if you have TMJ pain or grinding or, um, those things. Again, look at this risorius masseter those are, I believe it's the overworking out, out, out, out. By mewing we move the tension from jaw to up in this, uh, maxilla up. Speaking of TMJ, if you haven't watched my TCH video, please check it out because it's important to know what TCH is teeth contact habit. And not many people talk about it yet as much as TMJ. I mean, it's so related. So basically you wanna keep, upper teeth and lower teeth slightly not touching, slightly gap open in between all the time in addition to mewing. Number three, the philtrum and upper lip is gonna have a good tension because of mewing. Because when you mewing you're doing mewing the tongue posture sucking on the palate to the palate here, right? So this is literally this right, right below, above your tongue, there's upper lip and the philtrum here. So you get good tension, which is really good because this is a sleeping muscle that you wanna wake up to show them the philtrum keep it short and have fuller lips.Number four, neck toning if you're a concern about saggy neck or turkey neck or double chin or whatever neck it is, because tongue is a big muscle, which is connected to the neck. So when the you're doing the correct mewing, the neck is toned all the time. And if you wanna do some specific exercise for double chin, do that, please. But in addition, I mean, exercise is only like short time. And if you're not doing mewing, your is so loose and you not gonna see good results. So in addition to the exercise, or if you don't wanna do exercise, it's okay. Just do the mewing and they will, you will have more clear, um, sharper jaw line and the toned neck. Number five, we can train tongue muscle. So this is a big, like a core muscle for the face super important. But if the tongue is, is weak, for example, you might be, you might speak like [inaudible], you don't know what I'm talking about right? I mean, I cannot do well, but because sometimes people sound like [inaudible] because tongue is weak and it's not touching the palate when you talk. And the other thing more health reason is, uh, choking, choking. When you eat something, the food goes to airway and then happens because the tongue is, um, tongue is weak. And because tongue is weak, the other related organs are not functioning well to move the food into this food way. I don't know the English words for this, but uh, and then the food goes to airway by mistake because the, the other organs are not moving correctly. By the way, I did a interview video with the legendary Doctor Mew. So if you haven't check that, please check it out. If you haven't free trialed, our face yoga app please try it because it's free. And we are launching a certification course, actually. So if you're interested in becoming a face yoga instructor, check my website kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserNovember 30, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Types of Facial Wrinkles Guest UserDecember 3, 2020 Next 5 Facial Bone Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 27, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Facial Muscle Benefits From Mewing - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/25/5-facial-muscle-benefits-from-mewing"}
Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows Forehead smoothness become much improved way better than before. Simply touch and then find out you've you feel it? Lots of people tend to do like this and to do like this, right?Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about 11th lines on the forehead between eyebrows. I was looking at my old photos and I noticed my forehead was so bumpy. It's like more than 10 years ago, but then my, like my forehead, it's not this smooth, but it's like, there's one round. And then there's one more big mountain. Unnecessary one or above the eyebrow. That's one. The other one was this one, this one, it's a smooth. And then there's one big bump. And then there's another big bump. So there it's just so bumpy forehead. I, at that time, I didn't know much about it, but now I know I really like forehead, smoother forehead I believe. Smoother forehead the better, for younger looking. So today I'm gonna talk about this 11th. And if you want to know about this, eyebrow version, um, check the other videos in the past that I did. First of all, the reason why we get this bumpy stuff and then the bumpy one is becoming big and then easily get this 11.Is this corrugator muscle is always in, in, in, in. So I would like you to wash your hands first, and I would like you to touch just simply just touch it. And I like you to find the bump first, this bump, the smaller, the better, but you might find it's really big one, and you might think it's bone because it's so strong, but it's not bone it's just muscle knot like the one you get in shoulder. So put your hand and then smooth out, just simply touch and then find out you feel it? I still feel a little bit big one, but that was way bigger than before, because I thought it was a bone because it was so bigger and this I feel bump and there's not a bump. So this two guys are the muscle knots that we wanna break it down today. Make a fistAnd we gonna use this knuckle second joint of the index finger. And then this is a knot mountain. So you wanna bring it lift, not lift move out, out, out, out, out and the other side out, out, out, out, out and it might become a litte bit redness, but it's super temporary. So that's okay. That's it, very easy. I like doing this with some skincare cream. When you, when you wash your face and apply one of your skincare cream. I do this every single day in my case, because I've been doing every single day for the past, what like five years or so. Cause it's easy. Um, I don't do this. I just do ppp ppp ppp just quick one. But if you're not used to this and it causing too many wrinkles because it's quick and I don't use much wrinkles. So I, I do like this, but at the beginning I suggest you to hold it.And then one, two, three, four, five, and then one, two, three, four, five. The reason why you wanna hold it, is otherwise you might cause wrinkle. See? This is not what I don't like. That's why at the beginning you hold it and then one, out, out, out, out out and the other side out, out, out, out, out or I'm using this knuckle. But if the bump is so huge and this is too small, then use the everything like this here, big one, two knuckles. And then one, two, three, four, five, one, two, three, four, five. If you do, when you do skincare, it's super easy and you can make it a habit so that you can do every single day. The point is you don't have to do the 11th, this one inside the eyebrows. You don't have to do anything because the cause of this line is this corrugator outside. Like this guy and this one, this two are the one you wanna break it down.If I compare with myself right now, 41 years old and more than the picture, more than 10 years ago, I think the forehead smoothness become much improved way better than before. Because at that time I didn't know anything about it. I was just my eyebrow. I was doing some crazy facial expression all the time and showing my emotion on forehead too much. I mean, I didn't do this guy, but this one, yes, I was doing it too much. And now I'm aware of it. I don't do 11th. Cause I'm conscious. So you have to be really careful not to do this, not to do this. That's given that's given. But in addition, if you do this, it will be easier for you not to do this one. So both are very, very important and this. Yeah. So forehead smoothness is one of the, maybe top three big improvement.Since I became very serious about face posture and face yoga. Other thing you might be doing to create this. 11 is a posture when you're sitting down. If there's a screen here, lots of people tend to do like this and they do like this right? To, to see the screen and then see if it like this. Yeah. So my head is like this out like this, like this, that causes so much tension in the neck area. And then you cause this 11th, lots of tension unnecessary happening here, which is not good. So my, my favorite recently is, uh, this is, uh, I don't know what this is like a cushion. So I make sure that my shoulder and it's touching on, on this cushion and a little bit, my head is a little bit down to touch, touch. What is this, this guy, this cushion.So I try to be touch- my head is supposed to be touching on this cushion, even when I try to read something so that I don't do this. If I'm doing like this, it's not, my head is not it's separating from here. Then I notice it. If you haven't got our face yoga app, please try it. It's a free download available on iPhone and Android. Lots of cool features like personalized menu for your concerns and tracking system and a reminder system and lots of cool things happening soon. So stay tuned and thank you so much, see you in the next video bye. Guest UserNovember 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Shorten Philtrum by Activating Philtrum Exercise Guest UserNovember 24, 2020 Next My Eye Color changed! Guest UserNovember 15, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/1/eliminate-11th-frown-lines-between-eyebrows"}
Lift up Cheeks | Lift up Cheeks AKA Cheek Squat exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Lift up Cheeks Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to lift up our cheeks. I've done multiple videos about cheek lift up but this is a latest. Step one, oh and then ah, you don't have to say oh, ah I'm just saying for demonstration purpose. But oh, ah, show upper teeth at least eight and in the past, I was not able to show 10, but now I can one, two, three, four, five, one, two, three, four, five, fifth one is showing because I keep doing it. So, and then, ah, then cheeks up, cheeks up, feel the cheeks, uh, cheek muscles are up and then tuck the lower lip inside.Then if you, if you concerned about if you're causing wrinkle, crow's feet you wanna prevent it or, or and or if you're concerned the nostril become bigger, but when you say oh, ah, become bigger, you don't wanna do that. So use a finger to stop the movement oh, ah, make sure nostril are not keep it smaller. And then tuck the lower lip inside. Then last one, tongue is up, tongue is a fully touching on the palate. That's the most important thing. So let's do it again. oh, ah, show upper teeth at least eight. Nostril keep it small. It's up to you If you wanna do this or this or not doing this, I'm not doing this just for the demonstration purpose oh, ah, the cheeks are up then tuck the lower lip inside good inside. Then tongue is fully touching on the palate.I'm tired. So it's like a body exercise. When you do the body exercise muscle, muscle, muscle, muscle lactic acid is accumulated and then when you released it. All the accumulated lactic acid is all over the body, right? So the same thing is happening when you do exercise oh, you should feel some fatigue. You should feel some kind of burning sensation. Otherwise it's not effective. By the way, I get question that I get lots of filler or some lift up exercise because my cheeks are so full and high. But the answer, if you wanna know my plastic surgery history, check this video because I have no filler or anything going on here. Sometimes I move walking or working, working on computer or something like that. And I feel sometimes my cheeks are I feel like my face is down and I reset it. So I like doing this exercise, uh, maybe one or two or three times per day, depending on how concerning you are.But the, the idea of face exercise is that you wanna reset your bad face posture gravity from gravity. So it's better to do little by little throughout a day. So if you do three exercise of this and then maybe you do one time, 7:00 AM, second time, 12 noon, and third time, 4:00 PM or something like that. Not three, three times at once. I mean, it's okay, but uh it's better to do slice up. The reason why I like this exercise and I really highly focused on cheek. The importance of cheek, cheeks is that three reasons. One, people pay attention to something big something big. People see something around here, they not gonna notice any tiny wrinkle or age spot or those tiny, tiny things. But this area is kind eye and cheek area. This is like a center of the face, right? So people pay attention automatically unconsciously.And if you have higher fuller cheeks here, you automatically easily look younger and fresher and positive. And also if you're concerned about the hollow under the eye, the cheek, if you have higher cheeks, the cheek is gonna fill the hollow. So it's gonna be combined. If, uh, if you have like eye bag or hollow or something, it's gonna be into one piece here. So those, uh, those will be gone. And most importantly, when the cheeks are up, it's gonna, they gonna lift up everything up even like a jaw line or jawl or those unnecessary stuff is gonna be lifted up because this is a bigger relativity, bigger muscle for the face. Let's everyone do one more time last time for today. So first Oh, ah, upper teeth atleast eight cheeks are up and you use a finger to prevent the wrinkle or prevent the nostril become from become, becoming bigger and then tuck the lower lip inside. You use, you use a finger as needed and then tongue is up. I get tired so I like doing releasing the lactic acid by vibrating cheek vibration. If you interest in other exercises, check my face yoga app free, download free trial for three days. So try it now. Why not? And also I am, uh, doing a face yoga instructor certification course. So if you're interested in becoming face yoga instructor, check my website kokofaceyoga.com now. Thank you so much see on the next video bye. Guest UserDecember 6, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Types of Pores Guest UserDecember 9, 2020 Next 3 Types of Facial Wrinkles Guest UserDecember 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lift up Cheeks | Lift up Cheeks AKA Cheek Squat exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/4/lift-up-cheeks"}
5 Types Of Pores | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Types of Pores Acne pore, oily pore aka white pore, oxidized pore aka black, dry pore, saggy pore. Very severe acne or acne scars, some protection like this.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about five kinds of pores. Number one, acne pore, acne pore aka inflammation pore so the skin is infla- Inflammation is happening in there, so the skin is kind of inflated and stretched. The pore is stretched, so it looks more visual and become bigger. I think this is very common for younger people and maybe happening to you. And it's actually happening, uh, on my, my face too, even though I don't have really big acne, sometimes this can get red a little bit like a pim, pim, pim, pim, pim, pim. More like a red, uh, almost like a pimple. Then there's the pores it enlarge. If that's the case, first we need to calm down the skin and fix the acne part. Moisturize the skin very well, but not too much and sun protection like this, this is my style, but after COVID and people don't think it's weird, so I'm enjoying it.I'm not, I'm not enjoying the COVID situation, but I'm enjoying this style and uh, balanced diet sleep well, not too much stress. By the way, when you sleep, change the pillowcase very, very important. I did video about that. So check it out. But recently I tried skincare laser treatment, which was great. So if you, especially, if you have like a very severe acne or acne scars that cannot be really easily fixed by DIY treatment at home. So I highly suggest you consider some professional help. I didn't have any severe acne or anything, but I was just wanted to rejuvenate the surface of the skin because face yoga cannot do much about surface of the skin. So I do laser sometimes. And the one I did is called clear and brilliant at Laseraway information in below. Number two, oily pore aka white pore.So the acne pore is more like a red one and oily one, which often happens to the nose. And our T-zone is mostly a little bit whitetist- white. For this, or if this is happening you might wanna do like peeling thing that you put some stuff and then wait three minutes and then peel off and you see how much you've got it. That is interesting, but be careful, don't do too much because the more you do it, it opens up the pore, the pore become bigger, bigger, bigger, because you you're getting that white stuff oil right? So be careful about that. If this is happening to you and actually happening to me too. Cause sometimes I forgot, I forget to clea-cleanse my face in the morning since I'm staying at home after COVID anyway, um, even if you don't go out, please wash your face in the morning.I don't wash. I don't use any moisturizer, um, cleansing clean-cleanser, or anything just rinse with water in the morning. Um, yeah, but better to do it on a regular basis every day. And also even if the skin is oily here T zone and the nose area, even if it's dry, you might want to moisturize more than usual because, uh, the skin, sometimes the skin, when the skin is dry, it produces more oil because it's dry. So if you don't apply moisturizer because the skin is dry, it try to produce more, more oils ,and the situation get worse. So you might wanna moisturize more than you are doing right now.Number three, oxidized pore aka black. So the previous one oily one was white and when the white oily pore is ignore for long time and oxidized oxidation happens. And then that becomes the dark like black. That's why we call it black, which is very, very common for around the nose. So if that is happening, you really, really should more cleanse well. You might wanna exfoliate or scrub or something like that. But also laser is good because, uh, this oxidized black pore is uh, advanced version of the oily white pore, right? If this is more, yeah, so it's worse than the previous one. So if this is happening to you, it's kind of hard to fix it by yourself. That's why, if you can, you might wanna consider some kind of laser treatment. Number four, dry pore, this is, this happens because the skin is dry and aka can be look like wrinkle, wrinkle pore because when the wrinkle and where the wrinkle is happening, because the skin is dry and it kind of gets create some line. And then if the pore is on the line, it's kind of stretched. And the more vis- visible. By the way, I did a video about three types of wrinkles so please check it out. If you haven't watch it yet.Number five, saggy pore, saggy pore is bit different. The other one, two, three, four pores are more round, round shape. But the saggy one is like a teardrop. That is where I come in as a face yoga instructor cause of yeah. Other pores, I cannot do much about it because it's surface, but this pore, because it's happening because it's skin is sagging, I can do something about it. If you wanna know more about the cheek exercise cheek lift up, please check it out. So those are five pores, but it's not that simple. For example, this pore might be combination of one and two and three. This one might be combination of um, three and four or something like that. So it varies, but I hope you, the information was useful. Thank you so much for watching. If you haven't got our face yoga app, please try it. It's free download three day free trial is launched so try it if you haven't and also announcement we are starting instructor certification course for koko face yoga. So if you're interested in becoming instructor so that you can teach, in addition to fixing, improving your face, help improve other people check my website kokofaceyoga.com see you on the next video bye. Guest UserDecember 9, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why your Right is sagging Guest UserDecember 12, 2020 Next Lift up Cheeks Guest UserDecember 6, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Types Of Pores | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/4/5-types-of-pores"}
What Does Asymmetrical Mewing Mean | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What does asymmetrical mewing mean When you swallow saliva the tongue should be expanded to the side. I feel it.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about asymmetrical mewing. What is asymmetrical mewing? So I just named it. It's not real word. I just named the asymmetrical mewing because I didn't know how to say it, but when you're mewing, you know what is mewing, right? If you don't know, check my other video to understand what it's mewing that's the first step. But assuming, you know what it is, you're trying to do it like me. And then the thing about mewing is that you have to put the tongue in flat on the palate, right? But my problem, my personal problem, and I hear often from my clients too, it's not, it's not really flat. It's not really symmetrical. It's more like there's dominant side, always in the mouth. For example, you might be chewing on one side only, or grinding on one side only or something like that.And the posture. And I talked about why your right side is sagging. So check that because it's super related. But anyway, the point is, if you were pressuring one dominant side, in my case, it's more left side, but you might have different side. I don't know. But the point is, if you using the tongue is has dominant side. That's not good. That's gonna cause the asymmetrical face because I needed this Bruce, because the tongue is lifting this maxilla, and this is a center of the face. So it's gonna be tilted. It's gonna be more up or up or something like that. If this is, if the center of the face is tilted of course, everything else is gonna be tilted and you get. asymmetrical face. So I think it's very, very important to have the flat symmetrical mewing all the time.So please everyone check your mewing now in your mouth and then try to try to see if it has more dominant side or not. And if you have dominant sides, please keep watching. If you don't have, even if you don't have dominant sides, I think this is very interesting information for you. So keep watching, I am going to introduce three ways to fix asymmetrical mewing. Number one, swallow saliva, your saliva. That's the easiest thing, right? Cause you do all the time, I do all the time too. So I learned this thing from my dentist that I been working with. So thank you so much. When you swallow saliva the tongue, should be expanded to the side. So let's drink saliva, Let's accumulate saliva and drink it. And when you swallow, you really feel the expansion of the tongue but not to the, this, but this, this is the one I want you to feel it. Do you feel it? If you're successfully feel the expansion of the tongue is to the side and then that's great. So every time you wanna reset your tongue posture, you slowly drink, swallow the saliva and try to reset to make it more flat.Number two, drink water I mean, doesn't have to be water. It could be anything but the same idea as saliva, but you drink more water. So it's easier for you to feel that tongue expansion to the side. So let's drink something. Do you feel it? One more time.I feel it. By the way, I did how to drink video. So if you haven't watched that please check it out. Because every time you drink, you might be doing some bad habit. Number three, tilt your head. So my case, my tongue is on more left side. Cause it's like this. So on purpose you tilt on the right side and feel the gravity, let the, let the tongue feel gravity and then slowly come back.Do you feel? Is it more flat? Or of course, if this, your tongue is more right side on purpose, you tilt on the left side. And then after that, of course, tongue is inside my mouth. But, then slowly come back and try to make it as flat as possible. Those are three ways to reset your tongue posture, to make as flat as possible, drinking saliva, drinking water, and tilting to the non-dominant sides. If you have other ideas, please let me know because that's one of my room for improvement and I'm really trying to investigate more and more. So thank you so much. And if you haven't checked my face yoga app yet, please try it. It's three day free trial and free download. So why not and I also launch that instructor certification course, including for doctors as well. So if you're interested in taking my instructor certification course, please check kokofaceyoga.com and see you in the next video. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserDecember 15, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Aging is a Disease Guest UserDecember 18, 2020 Next Why your Right is sagging Guest UserDecember 12, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Does Asymmetrical Mewing Mean | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/13/what-does-asymmetrical-mewing-mean"}
Aging Is A Disease - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Aging is a Disease The right one is a 27 year old and was given a diet with a fewer calories, hot water, cold, hot, cold, hot is better.Hi everyone. Today I'm going to talk about why I say aging is a disease. It's actually not me, who is saying so, but other scientists. I recently read, actually listened to audiobook of lifespan by David Sinclair. He's one of the top worldwide scientists at the Harvard University, and he's saying aging a disease. So today the book is very long. So I'm gonna summarize three tips, three tips to reverse aging.Number one, fasting or not really entire full-day fasting. Doesn't have to be that way, but intermittent fasting or half-day fasting. This is the study by University of Wisconsin the left one 29 year old monkey was allowed to eat as much as it liked. And the other one, the right one is a 27 year old and was given a diet with a fewer calories. This is huge, isn't it? And the one of the articles says any stressors, such as fasting and other things that I'm gonna introduce later, increase your NAD+ level NAD.Have you heard NAD? If you're anti-aging person, anti-aging guru or something, you must have heard NAD. It's very trending the past couple years and it's it's, um, anti-aging stuff that you inject or IV or supplement or something that you take in to your body, but it's very, very expensive, very expensive. I've checked the price. And, but he said any stressors, like fasting increases your NAD+ levels. So you do not need such expensive treatment. The article says that any stressors like fasting increased your NAD+ levels, which in turn, keep sirtuin a class of proteins that regulates gene expression and repair DNA damage functioning properly. Basically try to do a plant-based diet and do not eat three times meal, three meals per day do not do that. Super long time ago I did a video about a half day diet, half day fasting.So I've been kind of doing it. It's it's not very strict, but when I wake up, I don't feel like I'm eating. So I just eat black tea or green tea or something, and just go on and try to make it one eight 1:00 PM, and then start eating. I might eat a little bit tiny snack when I wake up or 10:00 AM or 11:00 AM or something. But in general, I do not eat a big meal in the morning.Tip number two, exercise, but not just regular exercise, but that he recommends alo breathe like HIIT exercise. The same as fasting exercise, is a really hard stress for the body. And then that increase the NAD+ level. My understanding from this book is that, um, basically we have to, we wanna live like old age people, hundreds of years ago, long, long, long time ago. Those people where running so hard or doing lots of exercise to fi- to make rice or lots of field work, or I don't know, getting some running away from some animal, or I don't know the detail, but always, always running all the time. Those activities are very, very good as, um, stressor, good stressor to increase NAD+ level that's fine. Regular exercise is good, but is better.Number three, cold and hot and cold and hot, cold, hot, cold, hot temperature. When you're exposed to very, very cold temperature, it's a good stress. And then suddenly go to hot one and then come back to cold, hot, cold, hot, cold. Those temperature control every time when the temperature change, big, big change. It's a good stress according to him. So I liked doing shower, taking. shower in hot water and then finished in cold. I don't necessarily do as much as I should, but they said that the more ending just shower in cold water is really good when I started YouTube, which is like more than 10 years ago, a long time ago. At that time, I was not even talking about face yoga, but anyway, I did video about cold plounge and a hot, hot water, cold, hot, cold, hot.That was really good. So if you haven't see me before, like I, I became very serious about the face my case, check it out. So those are three tips from David Sinclair, the professor at Harvard University about anti-aging secret. And those are things that you can do even from today. I think so why not? You might like it you might be able to continue it. By the way have you tried our face yoga app yet? If you have'nt, you're missing out. Try it because it's free download and three day free trial. And if you are interested in becoming a face yoga instructor, check my website kokofaceyoga.com see you in the next video. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserDecember 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips to reduce TMJ Pain Guest UserDecember 21, 2020 Next What does asymmetrical mewing mean Guest UserDecember 15, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Aging Is A Disease - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/10/aging-is-a-disease"}
Why Your Left Face Is More Sagging | Balance Your Body Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why your Right is sagging Stretched out. That's why I have the, my eyes are higher and this is longer. And then slowly come back. Now it's a little bit more flat.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about why your right side is sagging. If you are left saggy people left saggy, and then please do watch the my recent video about why your left it's sagging. It's very interesting, but if you are right saggy people, I might have found some solutions. So check it out. In fact, I am right saggy person, so this is very important for me personally. I've been talking with some doctors to study more. And as of now, this is my opinion. The reason why you're right side is sagging. Might be your head is rotated, tilted to the left side. In fact, it's not just this, but body is more like, like this. Your shoulder is up it's more have lots of tension here because everything is like this. And then your right shoulder is down see? And my face is this is like longer stretched out.That's why I have the, my eyes are higher and this is longer. So it's like this. So let's talk about the three solution that I think works as of now. But of course I've been studying with doctors and learning from you guys too. So I will keep you guys updated. Number one, stop sitting or standing on the left. So as I said, probably you're doing like this, this posture, right? So you, um, very likely that have more pressure standing, sittting always this side left side. So you have to stop that. It's the same idea as, uh, the previous, not the previous one that the why you are left is saggy video, but stop doing like this. You don't wanna do, you don't have to do the military straight all the time. You wanna do this or this just go around 50% each. If you have a habit to do like this all the time, I mean, personally, I don't like this, but if you have to do it, do this, this and this and alternate both side and also the crossing legs, if you wanna do it, you might be, if you're left stand, you might be the upper, the right side.Right arm is on top of left. You might be doing that. So alternate, I mean, personally, I don't like sitting crossing legs I don't, I try not to do it, but if you have to do just alternate. Number two, stretch your neck like this, because the reason why you get this stretch is this right? So you just simply wanna stretch the neck the 45 degree. You can use your finger. If you, if you want, if you want to make it more effective, you can do like this. And the 45 degree and 10 seconds let's do everyone one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. And the other one I like is this. So this is 45 and this trapezius, and then you can do more like up and then SCM. This is stretched you wanna stretch here too cause lots of tension. So the more like inner one like this, and then you don't necessarily have to do the hand though up to you.But then one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, and slowly come back. And then you wanna stretch the back of the neck and then come out, come back. Speaking of a neck stretched, you might wonder the dao story. If you haven't watch the dao, please do. Because interesting and dao is the one who drags down right? And that's the cause of this. We did the neck exercise in the past, in the video, but I mean, there are many, many reason that many things happen and there's no simple answer for everyone. Cause everybody's different. That's why I hope you find a good, some, some example that applies to you and you find a good solution. So not all the exercises are introduced work for everyone. It's not like that because everybody's different. Number three, tongue position so, let me bring the my tongue wait this one.So, because I'm left stand- standing people, standing person like this. So I have more pressure pressure gravity here. So my tongue is all more left side left side. This one, like this, like this. Yeah, so I knew that I have a habit to do this. So I have, I knew that I have to make it flat, flat like this. So on the both side, when the, when you're doing mewing, it should be 50% pressure, 50% pressure. I mean, I don't know the pressure is the right word, but uh, the, the idea is that flat, not this, not, not this but this, right? Yeah. So it's hard to do it. It's hard to fix it. I was wondering how to fix it. I did some research asking around and, um, I had kind of found that, discover the tip to fix it, to make it more symmetrical tongue position. So, because of this is a problem. If I wanna have more tongue on this side, on purporse, I tilt on this side on purpose and then feel, move the tongue a little bit on this side and then make it a little bit flat. And then slowly come back.Now it's a little bit more flat. What do you think please try it. Because asymmetrical tongue posture, asymmetrical mewing It's not really much talked about it. But it's so important for a symmetrical face. Because tongue is lifting this maxilla the yellow one, which is really like center of the face. So if this is tilted, of course, you've got your face is gonna tilted. And I'm going to do another dedicated video, how to fix asymmetrical mewing or asymmetrical tongue posture video so stay tuned. Anyway, let's do it again. So my tongue is more this side because of this bad posture. So I intentionally tilt on the other side, right side to fix the tongue more flat and then come back and it's more flat now. And of course you try to keep that flat tongue posture as long as possible. Off topic but this is the reason why I like sleeping on the back.If you are this side, your tongue and sleeping, the side sleeping, your tongue might be this right side and more in that. That's really not good. And if this side sleeping and tongue there's a gravity is pulling the tongue down. So your tongue might be resting on the left side. So in order to make it really flat. That's why I like back sleeping, even though I'm still struggling and I'm still practicing though, no one is perfect. So it's okay. As long as we keep trying and improving little by little by little by little, by little by little it's accumulated in a big improvement. If you haven't got our face yoga app, please try it. It's a free download and three day free trial available. And also if you're interested becoming a face yoga instructor, check my website kokofaceyoga.com stay tuned. Thank you so much. See you in the next video bye. Guest UserDecember 12, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What does asymmetrical mewing mean Guest UserDecember 15, 2020 Next 5 Types of Pores Guest UserDecember 9, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Your Left Face Is More Sagging | Balance Your Body", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/8/why-your-right-is-sagging"}
5 Tips To Reduce TMJ | TMJ pain is jaw pain Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips to reduce TMJ Pain TCH loooong hours. That's why it's worse. It can be worse than grinding.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about five tips for TMJ pain. TMJ pain is the jaw pain. So when you drop your jaw like this, you might feel some, clicking sound or some pain. If that's happening to you, or when you're just very stressed or nervous or something, you feel some a lot of tension, which is not really good. So that's called that's I call it TMJ pain. I know that there are many exercises or massage technique just to reduce the pain and then reduce the tension in here. But those are, I think, temporary result. You have to keep doing it, doing it, doing it rest of your life to fix it. So to me, I think it's very, very important to fix the, the facial habit, bad facial habit that contributes to TMJ pain so that you don't have to suffer the pain.Number one, TCH teeth contact habit. This is what I learned from my Japanese dentist. And I know it's a little bit controversial, but I think, and the doctors that I work with to, to develop the koko face method, they agree that we should not do TCH teeth contact habit. So check your teeth, close your mouth relax, and then close your mouth. And then, then upper teeth and lower teeth should be touching or not touching? The answer is should not be touching. It's a little bit tiny, tiny, tiny one millimeter, or maybe even less than one millimeter. Very, very little gap between all the upper teeth and lower teeth all the time. I learned that TCH habit teeth contact habit. When your face is awake, when you're awake can be worse than grinding because grinding, grinding when you sleep is maybe 20 minutes or 30 minutes only, it's not like hours, right?It's stronger pressure, but it's not hours on the other hand, TCH teeth contact habit is very light pressure, but you are doing it like, I don't know, 20 more than 23 hours a day, including when you're awake. And then also when you're sleeping. So that's light pressure, but longer hours, that's why it's worse, It can be worse than grinding. Even if you're doing the braces, your teeth should not be touching. I checked with my dentist that I've been working with to develop the method.Number two, tongue posture aka mewing correct tongue posture. So the reason why mewing tongue posture is good. By the way, if you don't know what tongue posture mewing is, check my other video first. Cause you need to understand what it is first. Assuming you already know and trying to do it and let's talk about it. So the reason why I like mewing and it helps TMJ pain, is that the reason why you get the TMJ pain is this risorius, masseter and the chin muscle those are overacting too much, too hard. And it's the chin muscle is always down, down down for TMJ, especially this risorius, masseter is out, out, out, out, out out.So you wanna relax, this unnecessary tension. The red one is unnecessary tension, over working muscle and the blue is a sleeping muscle, right? Um, so in order, in order to reduce this tension, the tension has to be, has to go somewhere. The answer tongue. It's not that strong tension, but when your face is resting, if the tongue is touching on the palate, which is this here, and then, you get a good tension in maxilla, this yellow part, instead of here, instead of this temporalis and the jaw area, instead of you get the unnecessary tension here you get here, which is correct, correct place to have good tension. That's why mewing really helps to reduce TMJ pain I think. Number three, the less you move your chin the better because when the chin is the jaw is dropping and then you use this muscle and the bone is like, um, like this, this, this, this, right? Then this cartilage is gonna kind of, um, what's the word shrink. It, it's gonna be smaller. And without this, you get pain. That's the TMJ pain. It's in my understanding, please challenge me, please, correct me if I'm wrong. But I think a bit basic ideas is correct. So that's why you don't wanna move your jaw. And I know I've seen some exercise to move the jaw, to reduce TMJ pain, which doesn't really make sense to me. But anyway, I've seen that. So you don't wanna move your jaw or chin when you're talking, when you're yawning, yawning is kind of a hidden, hidden enemy, underrated thing. People don't really talk about it, but when you're yawn, it's a big, big mouth open, right? Wide open It's not wide, but more like longer. And then so much tension here. So if you haven't watched my how to yawn video please check that because it's important to, I think it's important to do yawning correctly, basically quick summary. You don't, you don't wanna do because it's painful. You don't want, you wanna do instead of ahh.Number four, the less move your mouth when you're talking the better. Because if you might be speaking like E when you say E, E, E, E , masseter, this is the one you don't wanna use right? This the red one right? So even when you say A, E, I, O, U this is a good example cause I'm trying to lift up A, E, I, O, U try not to show lower teeth. But lots of times, if I'm not concious and I see everywhere from other people too but A, E, E, I, O, U chin muscle, those are bad guys that you wanna relax. So even when you say O and then dropping your jaw right? O, O, O, and you might hear some clicking sound. The less you move your chin the better, the less move you're, the less you move your mouth the better. I learned from a singer they, they told me that the, when you're singing, you're not supposed to, you don't really have to make big mouth to have a nice voice because where you resonate the, the voice is nasal cavity, not here or here. So the size of the mouth doesn't matter. The only timing that you can have a wide mouth open is a big, big laugh and dentists only. Number five, 11th massage so why do we need to do 11th this one, this massage to try to reduce the tension in here, even though we are talking about this one. Why? Because all the face is connected. If you have lots of tension here, which is very, very common, and then probably you have a lot of tension in here too. So if you wanna do massage, I think massage is good.It's a temporary temporarily reduce pain. So I highly recommend you might want to do it at night. And, but in addition, if you wanna do you want to do this one. When you do skincare, you wanna, you wanna reduce the pain, not the pain, but the bump one, two corrugator. This one is always in, in, in that stuff, red one, this one. So you find the bump. It's not bone it's a muscle tension. So when you do skincare apply skincare and then wanna really, out, out, out and out, out, out in addition to this massage. Even though I said, massage, are temporary effect, temporary result, I think it's good to do, especially at night because you don't wanna, you wanna relax the facial muscles when you sleep so that you will not have to grinding. And also I did the face face meditation, which I hi-highly recommend.If you wanna really relax the face before you sleep, check it out. Those are five tips to reduce the pain in the jaw area, temporomandibular joint TMJ. And so the first one is TCH and mewing to reduce the tension from risorius, masseter to the cheek area maxilla. And the number three was do not drop your jaw. Number four, was as a little mouth movement, mouth movement the better. The last one was the massage even this one, because it's related. If you haven't checked our face yoga app yet, please try it. It's free download available and free trial for three days. And also I'm doing instructor certification course. If you're interested in becoming teaching face yoga method. So please check my website out, um, kokofaceyoga.com thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Guest UserDecember 21, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Mewing 101 Guest UserDecember 24, 2020 Next Aging is a Disease Guest UserDecember 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips To Reduce TMJ | TMJ pain is jaw pain", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/12/19/5-facial-habits"}
3 Tips To Improving Speaking Habit | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Tips That I Think Worked Well To Improving My Speaking Habit As you can see a lot of lower teeth are showing. I'm talking to myself by myself. This is not really, really good practice.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about my progress about my, the muscle mouth movement when I'm talking. So in my opinion, it's not the fact, but it's, this is my opinion, but I believe less you show lower teeth when you talk the better, because if you show lower teeth you bringing the muscle down. So you get more nasolabial, saggy, chin tension that all the bad things happen so that I don't like it. And it looks more beautiful if you show more upper teeth than lower teeth in my opinion. So I've been very, very conscious about it for the past many couple of years. And then finally I'm still improving, but finally, I think it's really way better than before. So I wanted to talk about the three things I thought was very useful. But before that, I need to apologize something. I am sorry for offending people who watched this video. Um, the way I presented was wrong and offensive, but I didn't realize that at that time, because I'm still learning.I, my English is not first language and I keep learning from you guys. So your ongoing education to myself would be really appreciated. Now let's go back to the speaking habit number one, practice okay. Practice makes perfect. But the way you practice is, is, um, the thing that I'd like to talk about today, if you practice in front of mirror like this. I'm talking to myself by myself. This is not really, really good practice because you are very conscious about it. So of course you will not show lower teeth. You will show more upper teeth because you're conscious. You're thinking about it. That's not the real, the better practice that you could do is when you're talking on the phone or zooming or face timing or something with, with, with someone else. And if you can show, if you can see yourself when you're talking, because you're using zoom or something, you should use the opportunity to see yourself from objective view.And if you're not, if you don't have the feature that you see your there's no screen of you when you're talking, use mirror, I have one mirror and another mirror and there's a screen here. So I always try to check my face if as much as possible. And that is a huge, huge, uh, success I think. By the way, I did a video about how to speak. So if you're interested in that, previous one, please check it out too. By the way, let's check my speaking pattern 10 years ago. Um, as you can see, a lot of lower teeth are showing, and I think it's more than upper teeth cause I didn't know anything about this lower teeth thing.Tip number two, imagine when you talk, imagine your chin is kind of fixed and it's not supposed to move. Um, then only upper is moving and it's hard to think that way, but I feel like I feel like my chin is fixed in a little bit at the beginning, do like fake smile all the time when you talk. And it's very, very strange feeling, very, very strange, but you get used to after a couple of months or half year or sometimes something. So I know it's a weird feeling, but try to do tiny fake smile. I mean, it doesn't have to be fake, but tiny smile always when you talk and fix the chin as much as possible. Just imagine that because of this habit. Now, if I use a lot of chin tension, a lot of moving that if the chin is moving a lot, I feel like it's tiring.And I think that that's a good sign. Tip number three, in addition to the chin is fixed hold and doesn't move. You might wanna use the imagine that you're lower teeth and lower lip is pressing each other like this. So it doesn't move much. It moves a little, yeah, a little my case this one is a higher my teeth. This tooth is higher than this guy. So it's this one shows more, but, um, it's getting better. Takes a lot of practices a lot of time. It's not that easy fix, but, um, I believe it's really, it's, it's doable, it's achievable. So those are three tips. Number one, practice in front of mirror or practice when you zoom or something facetime. See yourself when you're talking with someone don't practice by yourself, ideally practice with someone else, you talk with someone and then secretly you're checking your face.Number two is imagine that your chin does not move. It's more like, uh, imagine that it's more, I don't know. Doesn't move. It's glued. It doesn't move and tiny smile every time when you talk. And number three is, imagine that the upper lip and lower lip, I'm sorry. lower lip and lower teeth are touching glued each other all the time. If you haven't got the face yoga app yet. Please try it, it's free download all the exercises are in there. By the way, you can download this on free on my website as well. See you in the next video thank you so much bye. Guest UserNovember 6, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Choose Side Sleeping Pillow for Side Sleeping Guest UserNovember 12, 2020 Next 3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines Guest UserNovember 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Tips To Improving Speaking Habit | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/6/3-tips-that-i-think-worked-well-to-improving-my-speaking-habit"}
How To Fix Droppy Nose With Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Fix Droppy Nose This guy is overacting. So it's dropping down, down, down from nostril. [inaudible] The other thing you can do in addition to this is stretching.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to fix droopy nose. Today's tip is inspired by one of our followers. G! Thank you so much. What I learn from G is depressor septi nasi muscle. The reason why you get droopy nose is this guy is overacting. So it's dropping down, down, down from nostril, then you get droopy nose. So if you wanna have medical solution, some people might do botox or even cut the muscle. But if you wanna to do natural solution by face yoga, keep watching. Very simple let's just reduce the tension, Because that tension in the muscle is a problem that dropping down, so you want to relax it. So use a finger and then relax the muscle massage to the side. And then down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down. You might not want to drop down, because you're concerned about droopy nose, but it's necessary to relax this muscle. So it's okay. It's necessary to drop down on purpose, but like up and down, up and down, and just try to just massage relax. My recommendation is one minute and one to three minutes, maximum three minutes per day, but it's better to do little by little, throughout a day to relax the tension instead of three minutes in the morning only. I mean, it's better than nothing it's effective if you do on a regular basis, but if you wanna have really good result and faster result. I suggest you do it quickly, um, maximum one min, one minute, per one set and then do like three times per day, or it could be like, whatever you notice, whenever you have time, just do it. Or every time you go to restroom, you do this, you do this and pee or poop. Make it a habit. That's the key for success. The other thing you can do in addition to this is stretching. So when you stretch, um, I don't like this so much because it can stretching out the philtrum and the longer philtrum, but if it's short time it's okay.And if you're concerned about nostril it's okay. I mean the bigger, not the, nostril but the droopy nose, and then you really need to stretch this to reduce the tension. So in addition to the massage, and then you come. In order, in order to more stretch, you can do stretch here, but look up instead of don't use your forehead muscle. Only eye muscle is, is only eyeball [inaudible] instead of using the eye, uh orbicularis oculi or eyebra, uh, no brown, eyebrow muscle or forehead. Don't use anything else just the eyes up. And then, stretching and then. Oh, oh like three minutes, three seconds. Don't do. I don't like doing long time, by the way, I just got burned. So that's why it heals soon, but don't do it too long time, maybe three seconds maximum per set. And, um, I don't like many times because there's a risk of stretching the philtrum too long.But if you're concerned about droopy nose, you can try that too. Just don't do it too long, three seconds maximum. This is a new massage technique. So I really like you to try it and let me know if you have any good result or no change or anything. Please comment in below. I read everything. I cannot answer everything, but I do read them. If you haven't got our app yet, please try. It's a free download, kokofaceyoga just search on app store or Google play and the free download for face yoga paper. AI Koko is available for question and see you in the next video. Thank you so much bye. Guest UserOctober 27, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing Guest UserOctober 30, 2020 Next Why Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip Guest UserOctober 24, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Fix Droppy Nose With Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/23/how-to-fix-droppy-nose"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create Cat Eye or Fox Eye by Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserOctober 21, 2020 Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines Guest UserOctober 19, 2020 The muscle Korean have the most and we might Guest UserOctober 15, 2020 Why Teeth Matters For The Face Guest UserOctober 13, 2020 How to Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile Guest UserOctober 9, 2020 Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile Guest UserOctober 7, 2020 Eliminate Vertical Lines on the Neck that Show Age | 3 Bad habits You Might Be Doing Every Day Guest UserOctober 3, 2020 Why your Left is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner is Sagging | Balance Your Body to Improve Body Guest UserSeptember 30, 2020 How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises to unclog for easier nose breathing Guest UserSeptember 27, 2020 What is Gonial Angle? The most attractive degree is 120-130 | How to keep the angle within the range Guest UserSeptember 18, 2020 Eliminate jowls Advanced face yoga exercise from the previous basic one Cellulite vacuum Guest UserSeptember 15, 2020 What is DAO muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms Caused By Overworking DAO and How to Relax It Guest UserSeptember 11, 2020 Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training the Upper Lip and Skin Between Nose and Lip Guest UserSeptember 8, 2020 7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Fix Asymmetrical Eyes By Fixing The Habits Guest UserSeptember 3, 2020 Face Yogi's night routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep from Cleansing to Facial Meditation Guest UserSeptember 1, 2020 3 Face Yoga Exercises & Tips for Nose Slimming | Make your nose a bit Smaller & Reshape It Better Guest UserAugust 26, 2020 Fix Gummy Smile | Relax the Overworking Muscles That Cause Gummy Smile with Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserAugust 21, 2020 How to Relax 11th Muscles Between Eyebrows Especially While Sleeping Reduce Tension from the Face Guest UserAugust 15, 2020 Face meditation | Reduce unnecessary tension, wrinkles and stress from the face, for face posture Guest UserAugust 12, 2020 Face exercise devices that I don't like | Don't overwork the overworking muscles Guest UserAugust 9, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1603544400417"}
What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing If you do mouth breathing, you open the mouth, right? So that pushes this guy down. So even if you do try to get the in same oxygen, the entrance of the airway is like very narrow.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about five reasons why you should do nose breathe instead of a mouth breathe. And also there's one interesting fact that there's something that is not produced by mouth breathing but is produced by nose breathing and it's very important for the body. So let's do it. The number one reason why you should do nose breathe is fight viruses, nose breathe help fight viruses. And researcher says nasal breathing may help the absorption of coronavirus as well. I did a video before, so if you wanna know more, but in summary, if you do nose breathing 70% of the foreign object is blocked. But if you do mouth breathing 0% is blocked only 0%. I mean 0% nothing. So you just get the virus, bad stuff and go into the lungs. Versus if it's nose breathing, there are three block point, which I did talk about that in the video. So if you haven't watched that please do. Benefits of nose breathing number two, the air is moisturized in the nasal cavity and the throat. But versus if you do mouth breathing, it's just dry. And because your mouth is open, you get dry mouth, which leads to more tooth decay or bad mouth odor. Benefits of the nose breathing number three, because you get air, all the way in the nasal cavity income. So imagine the amount of air is big difference versus nose breathing and mouth breathing. So you get more oxygen by doing the nose breathing. And if you don't have much enough oxygen, when you breathe, you get a poor, um, sleep, less focus poor, um, less energy, less, better, poor productivity. All the bad things will happen. My understanding is the, when you're doing nose breathing, inhale then airway. This is airway so the entrance, the airway is huge, but if you do mouth breathing, you open the mouth, right? So that pushes this guy down. So even if you do try to get the in same oxygen, the entrance of the airway is like very narrow than nose breathing part. So you get less oxygen and I am not doctor. So if you're watching this and, if I'm wrong, please cor-, correct me in description below, not description in comment below, I would appreciate it. Nose breathing benefit number four, nitric oxide. So this is the guy who you get when you do nose breathing, but you did not get this if you do mouth breathing. The function of nitric oxide is widen blood vessels. So you get more oxygen, more, better blood circulation, which is really good for skin. If you want to have good skin and also lower blood pressure improve the condition of type II diabetes. And also overall performance is improved. Like if you're athlete, you really need nitric ac-, nitric oxide, because you need physical peak performance all the time.Benefit of nose breathing number five, physical appearance. Because when you do mouth breathing, your mouth is always open. So the skin is stretched and you get jowl who wants to have jowl? I don't think so. Um, also not just that the face become longer because it's, uh, I'm exaggerating, but of course, uh always jaw is a little bit dropping down and you might think it's a little bit, but imagine that you are doing the nose, mouth breathing like 23 hours a day, right? Including when you're sleeping. So then face become really longer from the bone structure level. If the bone structure changes, it's hard to fix it. So as a face yoga instructor, I'm interested in beauty in addition to health, but beauty is my part. So I highly, highly, highly recommend nose breathing. If you haven't check our app yet, please do so because it's free download available on Android and iPhone and lots of exercises in there. And by the way, you can get this paper on the website as well. Free download and AI Koko is waiting for your question. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. I read all the comments on the YouTube. I really appreciate it. I cannot answer everything, but I try to answer here. Thank you so much see on the next video bye. Guest UserOctober 30, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines Guest UserNovember 3, 2020 Next How to Fix Droppy Nose Guest UserOctober 27, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/27/what-you-get-from-nose-breathing-vs-mouth-breathing"}
Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip Ooh, ooh. I think it's waste of time, waste of money. Midline. Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about why your lower lip should not be bigger than upper lip. This is not my opinion. Yes, it is my opinion too, but it's it's uh, this is the result of some study about attractive facial attractive face. But I believe there are two reasons mainly that I would like to talk about why your lower lip should not be bigger than upper lip. Number one, probably your tongue is sitting on the bottom chin, not the upper palate. I'm gonna exaggerate bad posture with the not doing mewing. So the tongue is down. So probably like bad posture, chin is sticking a little bit like down or out. Then when you close your mouth, it's hard to close. So because it's longer. So the mentalis muscle the chin muscle has to work so hard extra, so hard work, harder work.So it's harder to close your mouth. If it's, if the tongue position is not good and there's like a lower lip is hanging because you are using mentalis muscle excessively, rather than orbicularis oris muscle, this lip muscle. So super, super duper important to have good tongue posture. If you haven't watch my other video about, about tongue posture or mewing please watch it. By the way, when you have a good tongue posture, I want to think about midline. What is midline? You cut myself yourself, and there's a straight line here to the bottom. Everything is in one straight line. So imagine that there's a straight line in the middle of the body. That's why we call it midline. So midline go through tongue middle of the tongue, tongue and the middle midline is coming through the tongue and then ppp ppp. And then here. Not here,here, here, here but in the middle. And if you think about the midline, it's really easy to have keep good tongue, good tongue posture and the body posture at the same time. Reason number two, this is visual thing, but people pay attention to something big, something big like eyes and cheeks. Those areas are really big, big area for the face. So people pay attention to people are drawn to those, the big area. And then if the, for example, if the lower lip is so big, way bigger than the upper lip and people pay unconsciously, people pay attention to the lower lip. Then your face look longer even if it's not. In general with age, face become longer. So longer face makes you look older. You, if you want to look younger and fresh, you don't wanna have attention in the lower area in the face, including the lower lip, upper lip is fine.Lower lip is not highly recommended. So now let's do one exercise to make upper lip fuller, but not lower lip. I did this exercise before in my YouTube channel. So you might have done it. You might know it, but let's do it again. First, just vibrate the cheeks, not like bigger the better, and then simply close your mouth upper and lower like close your mouth, inside the mouth upper teeth, lower teeth should not be touching and tongue is up. Are you okay? Yup! And then let's do 10 seconds, but really try to try to press the upper lip, upper philtrum area and the lip area, forget about the lower one. Lower one if you think about the lower one, you gonna cause the mentalis work too hard. So I want you to focus on the upper one. So gently close your mouth and then upper teeth, lower teeth not touching, tongue is up and use your finger to lift up the corners of the mouth a little bit and feel tension on the upper lip. Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.Then release the tension. As I want to have fuller lip and don't want to do filler. So I tried to do this exercise almost everyday. I should do every day, but Oh, I do almost every day. This is a hard training. So if you don't feel fatigued, you are not pressing hard enough. By the way, if you have considered filler I don't think you need to do in the lower lip. I see some people who have big huge, lower lip filler. I mean the filler in the lower lip. I don't, I think it's waste of time, waste of money because you don't wanna have fat, lower lip. You wanna have fat upper lip only. If you haven't got the yoga paper yet, please do so it's free download available on the website kokofaceyoga.com and the app is available we adding cool new features ongoing. So please stay tuned. And AI Koko is available for any question if the if the robot cannot answer, I will answer and what else? The book and sugar oil is available on the website. So see you on the next video, thank you so much bye. Guest UserOctober 24, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Fix Droppy Nose Guest UserOctober 27, 2020 Next Create Cat Eye or Fox Eye by Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserOctober 21, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/24/why-your-lower-lip-should-not-be-bigger-than-upper-lip"}
3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines Mm. mm, mm, mm, mmHi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to eliminate nasolabial line. AKA smile line or laugh line. To me, this exercise is kind of classic and I did that in my past video. So you might know this, but I have some updates, so stay tuned. But before that, let's talk about why that happens. So two reasons, one is the cheeks are sagging, and then when they sag, of course you get this shape line, right? That's one thing. That's why it's important to lift up your cheeks. And if you haven't watched my other cheek video, please do because it's very important. And the other reason is muscle, become very stiff because we keep doing the same facial expression over and over when you talk, when you smile. Um, so we just want to break down the muscle knot in here. Muscle knot is like the big one is here. The tiny, tiny, tiny muscle knot is happening. Residing in around the face, especially here. Exercise number one, use your tongue, pointy tongue and then try to reach to the next to the nose. This is the beginning of your nasolabial line. Tiny circle one, five times and then reverse. Mm mm mm. mm. You do not have to use this finger. I'm just demonstrating, but you do. Mm mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm reverse. So the point is you wanna target the beginning of the nasolabial line only. You do not want to, you don't wanna do that. You wanna do only here. That's the deepest line. The reason why you don't wanna is that you don't wanna stretch stretch the skin here. You wanna stretch only the pinpoint here only not all over the face. Exercise number two, let's use our fingers because sometimes it's hard to do it just with tongue. So wash your hands first and then sandwich the meat. Then one, two, three, four, five, one, five. I'm doing the same thing. This is stable outside fingers stable only inside is moving. Like this one, two, three, four, five, and reverse. If it's hard to do it just one, two, three, four, five, just beep beep beep beep beep. That's fine too. The reason why you cannot do this tiny circle could be the muscle is very stiff. So by you might wanna do this sandwich before you do the tongue circling thing. Two warnings, if you have a longer nail be careful cause you don't wanna touch the, you don't wanna damage the inside of the mouth and the other one.Oh, you don't wanna stretch down or you don't wanna stretch the skin. So you don't wanna open your mouth. You don't wanna open your mouth. You wanna kind of close your mouth. I mean, it's impossible to close your mouth because your fingers inside. Hmm relax. By the way, some people maybe applies to me a little bit too. But when you smile instead of here, some people have more line. Like I have this line here, more here than here. If that's the case, you might want to stretch here, but don't do it. I don't recommend that because you don't wanna stretch the skin, the stretched skin cause more lines. So you don't wanna do that. You just need to lift up. If this is little bit more line here, you might be using this risorius, the masseter muscle. So be sure to check my smile video, to understand which, which muscle, which two muscles are responsible for smiling and make sure that you use it when you smile instead of this one. Exercise number three, air ironing so it's like this, like this, but and then you might have seen other videos that other people, but might be doing. This is like I've seen, this kind of video, this kind of tutorials everywhere. But in my opinion, I don't like doing in the below the mouth. I don't wanna stretch the lower part. It's okay to stretch the hmm. I don't like it. So my suggestion is put your fingers like this so that you stabilize and the air does not come under the, below the mouth corners then, Um hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm and or you could do like a little bit tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny moving to the side and going back tiny. You might not see the difference though because it's tiny movement.Um, it's a little bit moving. So if you get bored by doing that, just you could do move around, but don't go over under the mouth corners. By the way, I sometimes get question, same question. I don't wanna smile because that cause smile line. The answer is wrong, because if you don't smile, you do not develop cheek muscle. So it kind of gets things worse. So you wanna smile it. You wanna use the, if you use the right muscle because you're lifting up your cheeks, you know, you're not supposed to have nasolabial line. If you have nasolabial line deep, too deep, you're not using the zygomaticus major and the minor muscle. In order not to use unnecessary muscle for smiling and use only necessary only right muscles, correct muscles for smiling, be sure to check my video here. If you haven't got my face yoga app please try. It's free download here. Um, the it has a cool feature like progress tracking and personalized menu only for your concerns and a reminder system. So if you haven't got this yoga paper yet, check it out on my website kokofaceyoga.com to get it free. See you in the next video. Thank you so much. Bye. Guest UserNovember 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Tips That I Think Worked Well To Improving My Speaking Habit Guest UserNovember 6, 2020 Next What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing Guest UserOctober 30, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/29/3-face-yoga-exercises-to-eliminate-nasolabial-laugh-lines"}
Choose Side Sleeping Pillow For Side Sleeping Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Choose Side Sleeping Pillow for Side Sleeping So many wrinkles, as you can see, you can move around. It's gonna prevent you from acne. It helps you close your mouth.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about the importance of choosing the right pillow for side sleeping. But wait I do back sleeping not side sleeping because back sleeping is the best. If you wanna know the benefits of back sleeping and how to train that please check the video. But today's topic is gonna be going to be a side sleeping because there are many people who tried to do back sleeping, but it's hard. It's hard, especially at the beginning, and could be because of some injury or pregnancy or whatever reason it's hard to do back sleeping. I understand. So there's some, not some many, many, many people who are doing side sleeping and I would like to talk about the importance of choosing the right pillow today. As I don't do side sleep, I asked two of my colleagues to test sleep with this special pillow, which is designed for side sleeping.Reason number one, if you don't do use any special pillow designed for side sleep, you will cause lots of lots of sleep wrinkles like this. It's like this. And so many wrinkles, as you can see, eh, like a crow's feet around the nose, eyes, especially this skin around the eye is very, very thin. So imagine that you are causing the wrinkles one third of the day. And then of course, you gonna get more lines, especially the eye area, not just that, the nose and the nasolabial line like this, and showing cupid jowl here. My face is terrible. So, but if you use this kind of, this is a sleep and glow pillow, which I received in exchange for honest review and sponsor sponsoring this video. But if you do this, use this, there's a pad here and here. So when you side sleep, it's not gonna, it's not going to be, um, touching that side of the face.If the wrinkle is like here or here, it's very random area that is not gonna stay there because it's, you not gonna have wrinkle like this, unless any, you have some special condition. But, um, if it's like this, see this line, this is the same as expression line and see this crow's feet. This is same as expression line and this jowl nasolabial line. This is same as expression line. So the expression lines get deeper and deeper and deeper when you're sleeping. So when you wake up, you're not going to have good face.Reason number two, if you don't use any special pillow like this, and then the skin, in addition to wrinkles, you gonna stretch the skin, especially around here like this, or could be here too. But, um, I'm more worried about the eye area because the skin is thin. And then imagine it's like this one third of the day when you're sleeping. Um, so you imagine that you do like this and then you might think, oh, my eyes is lifted. My eyebrows is lifted. So that's good. That's not true because your unnecessary stretching all the time. So when you wake up, you lose this fab, um, the pillow, and then it comes back right? Like back then, the stretched skin stretched skin shows as sagging because you lose the support. And unlike other bigger muscle in the body, if you just stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, the smaller muscle in the face. It's not gonna come back. It's not, it's not gonna get, you're not gonna get the elasticity back. Elasticity is gone. Same as like a band, this hair band or something band like a stretch stretch, stretch, stretch, and then it's gonna break.You not gonna get the elasticity back. Unfortunately, so, uh, to be honest, I'm worried about the ring. Um, I'm worried about the stretching part than wrinkles. By the way, side story. But I've seen on tiktok or something. Sometimes you use tape to lift up your face and they say like Hollywood secrets or something like that. It might be okay as a temporary effect, but for long term, it's bad because you are stretching the skin and you gonna lose the elasticity. Number three, special pillows like this is gonna prevent you from acne. Because when you sleep, you might apply lots of face cream, moisturizer, serum or so many things. And then, but if you use regular pillow like this, the serum on the skin is gonna be absorbed on the pillow. And unless you wash the pillow, unless you, you replace the pillow every single day, this the cream on the pillow, it's gonna get oxidized. And then you keep using the dirtier, dirtier, dirtier pillow, and you gonna get acne. So if you use special pillow like this, there's a space and it's not touching. So it's much safer.Number four, it helps you close your mouth because I'm testing like this. So if you do like this, you, you, my head is on this. What's the word here bump not bump instead of a bump hole right? Hole here. So you, you, your face is kind of fixed here and it's easy to close your mouth. I think, I mean, again, I don't, I don't use this because I cannot do side sleep. So I tested with the, I asked my colleague to test it and, um, I believe it's easier to mouth close, according to their opinion. I did video why you should close your mouth when you sleep and super important for beauty and health. So if you haven't checked my video yet, please try, please check it out. But again, this is one of the most exciting part of this pillow, because it's so important to close your mouth. And I use a tape to be honest because I don't use this, but if you use this, maybe you don't need tape. Cause it's easy to close the mouth. Number five, this pillow is good for back sleeping as well. So maybe when you sleep, start falling, falling sleep, you do like this. And then you move around this side and this side you have to move around. It's important for health. You not gonna stay here eight hours per day. Um, it's especially for symmetrical body and face. It's important to do the both side, not just one side sleep, both side sleep. So because this pillow is designed for back sleep as well. It's easily you can move around like this and like this. So that's a good part too. By the way, super exciting news to me. But the same company sleep, sleep and glow, they launched new pillow.This one back sleeping pillow. This was more exciting to me because I don't do, I don't do a side sleep. I do back sleep. So I like this a lot because the neck part is lower. Um, yeah, so it's not gonna be like this, but like this, maybe just me, I don't know but I'm a petite person one five two centimeter height, less than five feet. So I'm maybe my body, everything is a little bit smaller than average. And then sometimes I have to do like this, but if I use this, I don't have any neck pain when I wake up, I used to have it a little bit because it's, the height is the more lower it suits me. And the cool thing about this is they have got some layer you can add on top of the pillow like this.So if you wanna make it higher, actually you're supposed to, you're supposed to use sleep like this. This is a neck part, but I somehow, I didn't like this part. So I use the other side and you can control the height by adding this layer. But I personally, I don't use this. I use sleep like this. So those are five reasons why you should choose some special pillow like this, um, designed specifically for side sleep. If you do side sleep. And if you do back sleep, you might wanna check this out too. The pillow information is in description box below. Happy side sleeping tonight If you do side sleep bye. Guest UserNovember 12, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous My Eye Color changed! Guest UserNovember 15, 2020 Next 3 Tips That I Think Worked Well To Improving My Speaking Habit Guest UserNovember 6, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Choose Side Sleeping Pillow For Side Sleeping", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/11/12/choose-side-sleeping-pillow-for-side-sleeping"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! 5 Tips to improve your face at desk Guest UserFebruary 28, 2021 V shaped | Heart shaped face Guest UserFebruary 25, 2021 How to drink Guest UserFebruary 21, 2021 Fuller cheek exercises and tips Guest UserFebruary 17, 2021 The best training method for mewing Guest UserFebruary 13, 2021 Why teeth are crooked Guest UserFebruary 10, 2021 FAQ about mewing Guest UserFebruary 7, 2021 5 Tips for proper face posture Guest UserFebruary 4, 2021 Fix hollow under the eyes Guest UserFebruary 1, 2021 Hair growth update Guest UserJanuary 29, 2021 Buccal Corridors | How to smile with lifted mouth corners Guest UserJanuary 26, 2021 Learn how to properly rub the eyes Guest UserJanuary 23, 2021 Fix asymmetrical face Guest UserJanuary 20, 2021 Back sleeping support pillow comparison Guest UserJanuary 17, 2021 5 Scenes that you are Overusing Neck and Shoulder Guest UserJanuary 14, 2021 Why soft swallow matters Guest UserJanuary 11, 2021 Skin Ironing | How to Iron the Skin Guest UserJanuary 8, 2021 Classic Tape Method That Still Works Guest UserJanuary 5, 2021 Soft Mewing VS Hard Mewing Guest UserJanuary 3, 2021 Eliminate mid-cheek lines Guest UserJanuary 1, 2021 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1609077600414&reversePaginate=true"}
Personalized Private Sessions Online with Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Online Sessions Personalized Private SessionsOnlineLearn from Koko in a private session and have her analyze your face thoroughly about:Room for improvementYour facial expression habitsYour face posture®, etc while providing specific exercises and tips only for you! Online sessions will be done via Zoom. You will receive the link in the confirmation message sent after your purchase has been made.After the session, you will receive a link to the recorded video session within a week’s time.What to bring:We recommend that you use the Zoom’s screen on the device as a mirror, but if that’s not possible, please bring a mirror.Cup to drink (not a water bottle, but regular cup so we can easily practice How to Drink)Something small to eat (ex. nuts) Warning:Koko might face police some of your bad face posture, aka room for improvements. Don’t be offended, haha! Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Personalized Private Sessions Online with Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/sessions/"}
Eliminate Vertical Lines On The Neck | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Vertical Lines on the Neck that Show Age | 3 Bad habits You Might Be Doing Every Day You are doing mi micro, this thing 20,000 day, of course, you gonna get lines. I'm speaking like this and then using so much muscle here. Hi Everyone, Today, I'm going to talk about how to reduce vertical line on the neck. I think there are two kinds of lines on the neck, one is horizontal one which comes from bad posture. And the other one, harder one to fix is vertical one, especially for more skinnier people. And this definitely shows age, I'll be explaining three things you should be doing or should not be doing. But before that, let me tell you um massage the neck or applying cream is not gonna be that effective to reduce the vertical line, because this is coming from muscle tension. First of all, if the skin is dry, you add some moisturizing cream, which is good for moisturizing, moisturizing the skin.But this is not really dry. This skin is the line comes from muscle tension. They wanna massage, massage is good, but just massaging the neck is not gonna be that effective because this line is coming from other body tension. So entire massage, the body, including the neck is good, but not, but not just massaging the neck. Tip number one, stop doing neck breathing or chest breathing. So you guys know stomach breathing and chest breathing. The difference between them? If you don't know the difference, you might be doing chest breathing, which is like, your shoulders up, down, up, down, up down every time you breathe, and think about that. How many, how many times you breathing per day? 20,000 per day. Or if you have a shallow, um, poorer breathing habit, you might be doing more than 20,000, 23,000, or even more. And then think about this. If you're doing this 20,000 day per day. And then of course the muscle here, this neck, the shoulder back, it's gonna be really, really, really stiff. And then, that caused a lot of tension that leads to the vertical line on that neck. I'm gonna exaggerate, but like this, you are doing mi micro this thing 20,000 day, of course, you gonna get lines. So ab breathing, belly breathing, stomach, breathing, diaphragm breathing. There's so many ways to do it, but I think it's the same thing. Those are very, very important. Don't do the chest one in general. Let me just quickly summary, when you breathe in the diaphragm is down.If you're doing this ab breathing 20,000 times per day, you're doing the ab training. It's called AKA natural corset. So it's good for a smaller waistline as well.Tip number two, throat speaking. I mean, don't do throat speaking. So if you haven't watched my other video, how to speak, please do so, because it's important. But anyway, when you're speaking, if your using this throat area [inaudible] I'm speaking like this and I'm using so much muscle here and a lot of tension, and of course, you gonna get a lot of I mean tension that creates the lines. So when you speak it, you have a tension in the ab because you're using the diaphragm. And also you're speaking, you are resonating the sound in the nasal cavity, not the throat. One interesting thing that I've been doing is when I watched TV or when I, when I watched some social media or something, I check the person's nose.If the person's no, not, not nose I'm sorry. Not nose, but neck, check their not, not, not nose. Check their neck. If the neck is like ah, [inaudible] talking, talking, talking so much moving, going on here, that's not a good example. So when you're talking neck should not be moving so much. Tip number three, try to relax the masseter muscle that cause TMJ pain and jaw, jaw muscle pain. This is so stiff. And when that happened, if you're grinding habit, or if you have that TCH teeth contact habit, when your face is when your face is resting upper teeth and lower teeth are touching, which is called TCH, if those are happening to you, you have a lot of tension here. That cause is, is distributed really close to the neck. So that worsens the neckline. If you haven't watched my TCH video, please do so because it's super important. And it's not much commonly known outside of Japan or maybe in, including in Japan yet. So those are three tips that you should not be doing. One was don't do chest breathe. Yup! 20,000 per day, of course, you're gonna get tension. Number two is speaking, speaks from the nose throat like this, and it's gonna cause a lot of, lots of tension. The more tension you have in the neck, the more lines shows up. Number three was TCH. Don't do TCH when your faces is resting, little bit tiny gap between upper teeth and lower teeth all the time. As always check my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper app is available. My sugar oil available, book is available. just check my website. And also if you have any questions, I cannot answer everything. I mean, I cannot answer the comments, but I read every single them and really appreciate it because I learn from you guys. And if you want, want to be answered, please ask me at the AI Koko so that the robot can answer it. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. Thank you so much see on the next video bye! Guest UserOctober 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile Guest UserOctober 7, 2020 Next Why your Left is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner is Sagging | Balance Your Body to Improve Body Guest UserSeptember 30, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Vertical Lines On The Neck | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/3/eliminate-vertical-lines-on-the-neck-that-show-age-3-bad-habits-you-might-be-doing-every-day"}
Create Cat Eye Or Fox Eye By Face Yoga Exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create Cat Eye or Fox Eye by Face Yoga Exercises Before-after see the eye size difference, same person.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to do another workout, face yoga exercise to create more cat eye. I did a video about how to create cat eye like this one in the couple month ago or something. So if you haven't watched that, please do because at the end of the video, we are going to do face yoga workout with BTS dynamite by combining the multiple exercises. So the original one, this one is very good, but I feel like a little bit harder to feel the movement of the outer orbicularis oculi muscle. Basically, we tried to lift up this outer eye muscle here, and it's very, very tiny one. So it's hard to do it. So this one I hope is gonna be a little bit easier. First, wash your hands and then put your fingers on the crow's feet area, because this is the one, this is the one we are trying to lift up, so, and then feel it. And then also prevent crow's feet. We don't want to cause more wrinkle by doing the exercise. So even if you don't cause crow's feet, I suggest you put it here so that you feel the movement. And then this time wink,wink,wink, wink but not just regular wink, but try to lift up here instead of both. Instead of lifting down, lifting down, instead of putting the, bringing the upper lid down, don't worry about don't think about the upper lid, worry about this lower outer here is up, up, up, even though both moves. So let's do it. Put your fingers on the crow's feet and then wink, but I'm trying to, wink if I exaggerate, wink, wink, something like that, you do not have to stretch like you don't want to stretch the skin. So just simply touch it to prevent crow's feet and feel the movement of the malaris muscle, malaris muscle.If you haven't watched that, please do. It's important to know where the malaris muscle is. Um, then do slowly. You don't want to do big, big, big, and it's too fast, if it's too fast, you not gonna feel it cause it's tiny, tiny sensitive small muscles slower the better. So it's like this wink, wink, wink, wink, wink ,wink but not just regular wink, but I'm trying, lifting up a little bit, not the fingers, but the muscle underneath the skin is trying to lift up, up. that's the most important thing. We gonna do the wink exercise. And then we gonna combine, we gonna do the previous exercise, which is this, but we don't have time to do this finger. So basically wink, wink, wink, wink this version and the previous one wink, uh not wink, but lower eyelid lift up, up, up, up, see, up, up, up, up with the mo not the mouth with the eyes open, but try to lift up here. And the third version is two at the same time. So one, first one is wink, wink. Second one is similar to wink, but the eyes open up, up, up, up and the third one is two at the same time up. Okay. Let's do it.So watch me [inaudible] shoes on [inaudible] sing song when I'm walking home, jump up to the top like Lebron, ding dong call me on my phone iced tea and a game of ping pong. [Inaudible] bring a friend join the crowd, world up talk the talk. Just [inaudible] [inaudible]Okay. I'm tired. So I quit. It's about two minutes, more than two minutes. So if you do this on a regular basis, you gonna have, you gonna develop stronger muscle here so that you will have more cat eye and a foxy eye, and you will not be concerned about sagging eye drop. Training other side of orbicularis oculi eye muscle is so important because it's super, super, super duper sleeping. You know, there are two kinds of muscles, sleeping muscles and overworking muscles if you haven't watched that. Please do it cause it's important to know the difference. Anyway, for example, this is before, after, before, after see the eye side's difference, same person. Yeah. So Japanese love it because we wanna have bigger eyes. Not just that, it's gonna lift up. So you will not have any eye bag. You will not have saggy eyelid, um, the hollow, you will not have that.And lift up the little bit brows too. And reduce the forehead because the cause of forehead wrinkles, the Botox line is because eye muscle is weak. We tend to overuse the forehead muscle. So if you train this guy, you not gonna, you can keep it relaxed on forehead. So you will not have to pay for Botox. Have you free downloaded this yoga paper yet? If you haven't, you're missing out. So please do in our website kokofaceyoga.com and the sugar oil is available, book is available. Face yoga app is available we gonna we produced, no produce offer you personalized menu for your concern. And it has a reminder features if you wanna be reminded to do on a regular basis every day and tracking system is coming up soon. Lots of good new features. So stay tuned. Thank you so much see you on the next video bye. Guest UserOctober 21, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip Guest UserOctober 24, 2020 Next Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines Guest UserOctober 19, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Create Cat Eye Or Fox Eye By Face Yoga Exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/19/create-cat-eye-or-fox-eye-by-face-yoga-exercises"}
Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile F, F, F, F, F E up, up, up.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about two major smiling muscle that you're supposed to lift up for beautiful smile and other three muscles that you might be overworking. Special thanks to Dr. Thoria who is teaching me a lot. Thank you so much. So let's learn the smiling muscles. Smiling muscle number one, zygomaticus major. It's more like an outer cheek muscle. So it's like this here. When you say S like S S S S S S. You're supposed to be using this big muscle outer cheek muscle. So say, S, and imagine that you're using this blue guys here. S, do you feel it? The second muscle for smiling is zygomaticus minor. It's easier. Zygomaticus major and minor. Minor is a little bit more inner muscle. So it's not here, but a little bit like here this guy, and then say F this time, but not F F F F F, and try to create like a little bit duck lip on the upper lip, so feel the, um, use the philtrum part, curl it up.And then when you do, when you say F you use, you feel this muscle. In fact, there's nothing called LAO levator anguli oris but it's very tiny one. It's hard to find out. So I think for now, for simplification purpose S F S [inaudible] Zygomaticus major and minor those two, just remember those two are responsible, responsible for beautiful smiling. Then, let's move on to the bad muscle. I mean, not the bad muscle. Bad musc- not bad, but overworking. Commonly overworking muscle that, uh, worsens beautiful smile that can wear some beautiful smile. So it's important to know.Overworking smiling muscle number one is E smile. E smile with this risorius E and masseter muscle over developed like E and I did before, did a video about E smile and V smile. So if you haven't watch that, please check that. But basically when you, lots of people, including myself a little bit too, but E you might be showing lower teeth E. If you have, if you have to show lower teeth, when you smile, you're definitely using this risoris and masseter muscle.Let's just call it E muscle to simplify. E. And even if you're not showing the lower teeth, you're closing your mouth, but E I'm not showing lower teeth, but E E E no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not good. Because when you do this, E is pulling to the side. So you get more some lines. And that this is always overworking muscle out, out, out and lots of tension here. So you might get a TMJ pain when you, uh, when you drop your jaw, you might hear some clicking sound or some pain so you cannot open your mouth bigger, or could be, you might grind or so many bad things happen. So try not to do that E one, always this, Z major and the minor, those cheek muscle are the one who are responsible for beautiful smile. Overworking smiling muscle number two. Here levator labii superioris alaeque nasi so long, just call it Nasi, because it's nasal so Nasi. This guy is always working, moving up.like squinting in the, in the here. And that causes a bunny smile. Bunny smile is cute for bunny, but not so cute for adult people. It was so cute when I was kid, but I'm not kid anymore. I'm 41 years old, so I cannot, I shouldn't do this, but I still do that. So that's why a little bit of wrinkle here. And also if you're concerned about the bun-, not bunny smile, gummy smile, ah, ah, gummy smile that is coming this guy, this Nasi is acting up, up, up. So you want to relax that. Basically when you smile, you want to relax this Nasi, and I'm going to do some dedicated video about how to fix, um, bunny smile and gummy smile. So if you're interested, stay tuned. Overworking smiling muscle number three. This crow's feet, it happens to everyone. And if that's the case, you want to prevent it like this, or like this, whichever easier for you. I'm going to do like this. You feel the two muscles here, right? And then smile down smile down smile down. So basically try to remember the make the brain remember that you're not supposed to act here. This should be relaxed. That's why you use a finger. And in our Vasiliki's video, if you haven't watched the Vasiliki video, this is amazing. So please do so, but she was teaching this one, and this is great too. So same thing. And so basically, if you're not concerned about crow's feet, you don't have to put your finger in here. But if you're concerned about this crow's feet, you want to put something in here to stop it. And if you're concerned about nostril become bigger, you want to do this. So it depends on which kind of pose. It depends on your concerns. And the other thing I like doing, sometimes I do is when you do skin care, you, might, you will hold it. And then iron the lines up, up, up, up, up, and then up, up, up, up, it's like a shiatsu massage thing. Like not like big one, you don't want to, you don't want to do stretch. You don't want to stretch the thin skin. So you hold it. And then out not out, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, just to iron the to reset the muscle memory. So those are in summary two smiling muscle zygomaticus major and minor, just say cheek muscle, outer muscle and inner muscle and three overworking smiling muscle could be this Nasi like these it's not good. And E muscle, risorius masseter, and the last one was crow's feet. I hope it was useful. So if you haven't got my yoga paper yet, please do so it's free download on my website kokofaceyoga.com. And the book is available, sugar oil for skin is available. App is available, AI Koko is available. So we added a new cool feature on the app. Now you get personalized menu for your concern, and it changes every day. And we add in tracking daily tracking so that you are motivated to do so and reminder. So you can choose what time you want to be reminded to do exercise. And those cool features are added. So please try it free download and see you in the next video. And I think I'm going to do the gummy smile and the, uh, bunny smile in the next one. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserOctober 7, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile Guest UserOctober 9, 2020 Next Eliminate Vertical Lines on the Neck that Show Age | 3 Bad habits You Might Be Doing Every Day Guest UserOctober 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/6/good-and-bad-facial-muscles-for-a-beautiful-smile"}
Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines Double chin. You can easily change the height, height, of this pillow, my case, this side is a little bit deeper. So maybe I'm tilting a little bit this side. Hi everyone. Today I'm going to talk about how to prevent or reduce vertical, not vertical, horizontal lines on the neck. In our recent video, I did how to fix vertical line on the neck, but today it's gonna be the horizontal lines. Today we gonna do three tips and exercises. Number one, check your pillow. I do use this special back sleeping support pillow. But I mean, this is not a good example. So I'm gonna use this regular pillow. So check your pillows height, height cause if it's like too high, you might be sleeping like this, like this, like this see? Double chin and too much because it's too high. That cause wrinkles horizontal one. Imagine you sleep.Let's say eight hours per day. One third, almost like one third of the day you're causing wrinkle. Of course your gonna get this. So if you don't have perfect size, perfect height pillow, this is a good solution that I used to do until I met the back sleeping pillow. So you get this kind of a big body size towel, then just, just do just fold it. Then can you can easily adjust the size like this. So yeah, it's like this. So you can just do like this or this or this. Maybe this is too, too low, but you can easily change this height, height of this pillow. Or you could do like ah, if it's too could be like this high. Yeah. And then, I mean, that's too high for me. So I'm gonna do like this. So, and then just sleep and then make sure that it's not make sure that it's not causing it's not like this, just like this.So make sure that you're not causing wrinkle. Tip number two, posture when you're awake. So the tip number one when, was was a posture when you're sleeping and then tip number two is a posture when you're awake. So because of the phone or looking on some tablets or something, people are always looking down, always down, down, down, down, the more you down it, the more line it. So posture is super important, especially for the neck. If you're concerned about this part. And then I noticed some people do like, including me but like this, like this, like working on computer like this. And then this is, this is another one you might think it's good to stretch. Yes. If it's short time, but if it's long time stretching, stretching, stretching like this, then the skin become too stretched. It doesn't come back because it's a long time stretching. Then, the skin stretch skin shows us wrinkle as the horizontal one. So always puts your head on your spine and butt. When you're standing, when you're walking, when you're sitting all the time.Number three, stretching exercise . So this is a stretching exercise, but it's a short time, like 10 seconds. That's why it's okay. I just don't want you to do this stretchy position too long time. That's gonna, yeah. So number three exercise. So let's do it, but do not do if you have neck pain, be careful. So, unless you have a neck pain. One, two, three shoulder down and then unless you have neck pain look up. Actually I have a little bit of neck pain, so I need to be careful and then stretch the skin and stick out your tongue. So this is the same one same exercise that I've been doing as a anti double chin exercise, but it's really good for reducing or preventing horizontal neck line as well. So it's a pointy tongue. The tongue should not be, this is round. What I want like is then 10 seconds. And then slowly come back and stretch the back of the neck slowly. I did the side neck version in the past. So please check that if you haven't watched it, but I wanted to talk about something. So when I see people, sometimes I can tell that the person, which side the person is sleeping on side sleeping. For example, if this there's a line, but sometimes this line is deeper than this or this line is deeper than this. So if this is deeper, probably you might be sleeping, like this, like this, and wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle see? You're doing all the time. So if, if you don't know which side you are sleeping more, probably you might be doing alternating or just check your neck. My case, this side is a little bit deeper. So maybe I'm tilting a little bit this side so that I can tell I'm not I'm sleeping. So I cannot tell how I'm sleeping, but I can tell from the neck line. So if you have ah, let's say this one is deeper and this one is less probably you are doing this all the time. Be careful. Don't do that. Try to alternate this side or this side, the best one is back sleeping though. Other thing you might be doing like, this is my sofa and TV is on this side and there's table. So I'm always doing like this. um not maybe not like this, but doing like this. I don't know, but doing some kind of this posture all the time to look TV, and then you get more lines here, but less line here. So furniture position or monitor position matters. And number three was a stretching exercise. This is okay for stretching because it's only 10 time. Not 10 time, 10 seconds. And you might want to try one, two, three times per day. If your interested in other exercises, check my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download the yoga paper. If you haven't done yet. And sugar oil is available there, and app is available, we gonna provide personalized, personalized menu for you. We are adding tracking system so you can check your progress and reminder is launched as well. So check it out. It's free download and yeah.So thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserOctober 19, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create Cat Eye or Fox Eye by Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserOctober 21, 2020 Next The muscle Korean have the most and we might Guest UserOctober 15, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/15/eliminate-horizontal-neck-lines"}
Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile With Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile Bunny bunny, bunny, bunny bunny, smile down. And the other thing you might be doing is tissue. Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to stop, how to fix bunny smile and gummy smile. So bunny smile which is cute for bunnies, but not for human. And the gummy smile is showing the gum area when you smile. If you haven't watched my previous video about two major smiling muscle and the three overworking smiling muscle, please do so because it's important to know the difference. Assuming you have seen it. Let's move on. Three tips and exercises to, to stop the gummy smile and the bunny smile. The reason why we get bunny smile and gummy smile. This guy levator labii superioris alaeque nasi it's so long. Nasi muscle is acting up up up up overworking up. That's why we need to relax this guy. Exercise number one, use a finger and then beebee, beebee, beebee down a little bit down then smile. But that smile what we did in my previous video, Z major and minor.So like this a little bit down, and then smile down, smile down, smile down, forget about all the other muscles and think about this F muscle and S muscle. So if you don't know what they are, you haven't watched my previous one. So please do so cause it's important. Those two are responsible, mainly responsible for smiling. And this has to be relaxed. So a little bit down then smile down, smile down. You might want to put this a little bit more, like not like this, more like next to the nose, and then smile down, smile down. Make sure that nostril are not becoming bigger. You want to keep it small. If, if you can keep it small, these guys are relaxed, so that's a good sign. So let's do it again like this smile down, smile down, smile down relax, keep relaxing the nasi muscle only two guys are lifting up.I often say you should show the upper teeth because that's beautiful when it's showing, but for the purpose of, practice and if you're concerned of the gummy smile or gum-bummy smile, bummy, bummy, bunny smile. Don't worry about too much about that middle of that middle of the teeth. You want to lift up the corners, both corners of the mouth, but don't worry too much about the. You don't want to try to show, lift up the middle of the upper teeth, because that's gonna lift up this guy. So you want to keep it relax. And only lift up the corner of the mouth. You might want to do like this down. And then the other one thumb on the Z major and minor F S muscle smiling muscle here. And then, so this one is down, but this one is up. So it's like opposite down and up.So remember that, and then smile down smile down, smile down, smile down, smile down make sure nostril not moving it's difficult. I'm still practicing cause my nostril become bigger when I smile, but it really should be relaxed. Tip number two, stop squinting, stop squinting on the nose. I know it's hard to not to do it. If you have a habit like me, but when you do big smile, big smile or something, and you know that you're causing this touch it. Touching can relax the muscle immediately. I mean, depending on the condition, but in my case, if I feel like I'm doing the and I just touch it. And the other thing you might be doing is tissue. So when you blow your nose, you might be doing it. You might not see it because it's hiding and you don't really think about it, but I don't know how many times you use, you blow your nose, but you might, every time you blow your nose, you might be causing wrinkles. So be careful. And also sometimes you don't use tissue because you don't have tissue and then you might be doing. And then the bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny. So just be careful if you have to do, and then you might, you might be doing like this and then relax. And then like this. Tip number three, yawning. So yawning is a big part of my Koko Face Yoga face posture series, which means moving the facial muscles properly for daily facial activities, including yawning. So when you yawn, I did video before so please watch that if you haven't watch it what but basically, you don't want to yawn like, like this, just relax. Same thing, same as the previous tip, but always. Cause I think everyone, not everyone, but all people yawn almost every day, I do every day. So when that happens, you might be doing like this and that. Of course that's gonna remember and muscle memory and it shows more wrinkles, and it's gonna worsen the bunny smile and gummy smile. So every time you yawn, I touch it, to relax. So those are three exercise and tip that you might want to try if you're concerned about bunny smile and gummy smile. First one was put your finger next to the nose so that this nasi relax. And then if you like, you don't have to do the thumb part, but if you like, you put the thumb on the smiling muscle, then you don't, you don't have to do this posture. I'm just doing it for the purpose of demonstration. But this then nostril is the same shape you don't wanna, uh, you don't wanna do that. So I'm still practicing. It's hard. Cause my nostril try to act up and out. But yeah, so that was one. And then number two was stop squinting. Don't like this, like when you blow your nose or smile or something. And then the third one was yawning because lots of people tend to cause lots of, lots of tension when you yawn stop doing that. Let me know if this tip was any useful for you guys or other requests, please. I read all the comments. I cannot answer, but I do read all the comments and try to answer on the video instead. And as always, if you haven't checked my yoga paper, please do so it's free download on our website kokofaceyoga.com. Book is available, sugar oil's available, and the app is available. We added the cool new features like reminders. Daily reminder, tracking system is being done soon. And personalized menu for your concern. It changes every single day. So it's really fun. Please try that. And yeah, I think that's it. Thank you so much. See you the next video. Bye. Guest UserOctober 9, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why Teeth Matters For The Face Guest UserOctober 13, 2020 Next Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile Guest UserOctober 7, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile With Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/8/how-to-stop-bunny-amp-gummy-smile"}
Eliminate Jowls | Advanced Face Yoga Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate jowls Advanced face yoga exercise from the previous basic one Cellulite vacuum Hm. Hmm. Hmm. Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about advanced jowl exercise. If you haven't watched my first one, uhm not really at the first one, but the latest one, please do so because it's, that's that basic version after you master the basic one, keep watching for the advanced version for more stronger results. The reason why we get this unnecessary jowl is excess. One of the reasons is is excess fat, fat, fat. We can try to vacuum the fat from inside. And the basic version was two at the same time. So we gonna, this time advanced version. So we're going to do one side each and one side each so let's do it.Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, not this I'm not eating this meat. I'm eating this only.Hmm Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm. Hmm. And then after just hold it 10 seconds each. You wanna eat it. Chew it. Not like not, I'm not using teeth. I'm not really chewing it with teeth, but I'm trying to Hmm,Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm. Hmm. By doing so we really killing the cellulite.Hm. And then of course you do the other side. Hmm, mm mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.Yeah. I feel like [inaudible] I feel something like breaking the rock or something. I feel some kind of sound or motion. Warning if you have like some acne kind of thing in the mouth, don't do, don't do it, do it after you recover. And also if you do too many times, the, you might get some inflammation and then become swollen and it becomes bigger. So that's reversed effect, which you don't want to have. So keep it 10 seconds, keep it 10 seconds[inaudible] 10 times per day, or could be two sets per day. But that's the maximum that I recommend. Please let me know if this works for you or not. I have a good feeling and I, I feel like it's working for me, so I want it to you to try it. There'sno bad side effect unless you do too many times. So I would love to know. Please let me know. And as always, if you want to know more, more summary of the exercise, please visit my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper and app is available free download and prime video is available, Face Yoga 101 and AI Koko is available to answer any questions, but I read every comment, all the comments, and I cannot answer but I get so much information, so much education, and feedback, suggestion, corrections. Sometimes I say it wrong. So I really appreciate you correct me. And um, so keep trying to, um, yeah. Build a more positive community, for natural anti-aging together. Thank you so much. See you in the next video bye. Guest UserSeptember 15, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What is Gonial Angle? The most attractive degree is 120-130 | How to keep the angle within the range Guest UserSeptember 18, 2020 Next What is DAO muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms Caused By Overworking DAO and How to Relax It Guest UserSeptember 11, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Jowls | Advanced Face Yoga Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/14/eliminate-jowls-advanced-face-yoga-exercise-from-the-previous-basic-one-cellulite-vacuum-edited"}
Why Teeth Matters for the Face | Wisdom Teeth Extraction Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why Teeth Matters For The Face Just assume like this, and then the last one is taken out. Of course, it bent inside in right? So that changed the facial, facial appearance.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how and why teeth matters for the face. As you may know I did collaboration video with Doctor Afzali, thank you so much. That was amazing. And she's very, uh, one of the top functional dentist. So if you haven't watched the video, please do. But today's video is going to be my interpretation. Three reasons that I, I think why teeth matters for the face. Number one, wisdom teeth. So if you have wisdom teeth, wisdom teeth, and thinking about wisdom teeth extraction, please, please, please watch my the video with Dr. Afzali, because it's so important. I don't want you to regret that thing. So, yeah. Anyway, if she said the more teeth, the better more teeth, the better, but if you have taken out the wisdom teeth. This is my shopping bag, but let's say this is your face cheek area. And then there many teeth, but when the teeth let's say, this is your teeth, this is your teeth. And then when the one, one last one is taken out, no, no, no. The last one is taken out. Of course, change the shape, right? Like this, like this or this, this or this, see this, let's just assume like this. And then the last one is taken out. Of course it bent inside in, right? So that changed the facial, facial appearance. I was reading the comments on the video. And one or two people were mentioning the same thing that they had taken out wisdom teeth, and they regret because the face become more thin, thinner, more, um, not fuller, what's the word the opposite of fuller more like this. Of course like this or this, this become less. If the last wisdom teeth is taken out, right? Anyway, if you have already taken out wisdom teeth and you, and if you're concerned about the facial structure, you might wanna talk to functional dentist like Dr. Afzali.Number two, teeth alignment matters because I mean, first of all, if you have bad teeth alignment, which means your tongue posture is wrong, probably, very likely that you're not doing the correct tongue posture that's why you get bad teeth alignment. Um, for example, your, your teeth is touching the upper teeth and, uh, over bite or, I mean, this is over bite and this is under bite, under bite might happen only right side only left side only, or many reasons. I'm not dentist, I cannot talk more. But I mean, yeah. So tongue posture is super important for the face, right? If you haven't watched the video, please do because super, super, super duper important for the beautiful face to have a correct tong-tongue posture. And the other thing is that, um, core muscle. I mean, this area is like a core for the face. So if the foundation, which is a core, is dis-aligned. And then of course, you're gonna get more asymmetrical face or not fav, fav, favorable facial facial, facial structures, as you want, because this is like a core core. Your face is on top of this bones, including the teeth. So if this is a bumpy, you gonna get bumpy face. Number three, I would like to talk about dominant, dominant side, dominant chewing, dominant chewing so everyone has dominance right, ah dominant hand, non-dominant hand, dominant eye non dominant eye, even nose has dominant side and non-dominant side. So very likely that you might have dominant side. If you keep, let's say this is your dominant side and chewing on the dominant side. uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. So much tension and less tension that causes lots of asymmetry. So if you haven't watched my how to eat video for symmetrical face, please do so because it's very important. But anyway, I'm saying that if you keep doing using this side over developed less developed. And then the, in addition to asymmetrical face, I think I have a hypothesis. So if this is, uh uh, uh. This come out cause it's being pulled from this overworking muscle uh, uh, uh. And then you might get more crow's feet because uh, uh, uh. And even when you smile, it's more like this, this is together. This is more loose. So if you're concerned about asymmetrical crow's feet, check your teeth, check your eating pattern and you might be chewing on this side only. And then you get more crow's feet and eye is more sagging like this, and this is more up and this is normal could be like that. So please check speaking of asymmetrical face when the, when your teeth is like this this, this should be straight [inaudible]. If something like that is happening in in fact, it's a little bit asymmetrical my teeth as well, too. But and if that is really a big different, big difference, you cannot have, we cannot have symmetrical face. It's kind of impossible because this is like a core area, right? So if you're concerned about the asymmetrical face and then your teeth is very like this, like this, or lots of things happening, I suggest you go to see not just regular dentist but functional dentist like Dr. Afzali. I don't get any commission or affiliate or anything by promoting her business, but I really believe her. So please check the information. Oh right. That is it for today. So if you have not got this yoga paper yet, please download it free download on my website kokofaceyoga.com. The sugar oil is available. AI Koko is available for you to answer your question. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. And the app is available. It offers great exercise for your concern. It's a personalized menu which we really proud of. So please try that. Just search koko face yoga app and your review will be really appreciated on Apple store, Apple store and play Google play. Thank you so much see on the next video. Guest UserOctober 13, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The muscle Korean have the most and we might Guest UserOctober 15, 2020 Next How to Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile Guest UserOctober 9, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Teeth Matters for the Face | Wisdom Teeth Extraction", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/13/why-teeth-matters-for-the-face"}
Why Your Left Is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner Is Sagging Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why your Left is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner is Sagging | Balance Your Body to Improve Body Left diaphragm is a smaller, thinner than the right one. And then you see big muscles sternocleidomastoid muscle SCM is having a lots of, lots of, lots of tension to look forward. Hi everyone today I'm going to explain why your left side is more saggy than the other. As you may know, I am a face yoga instructor. So when I teach, I try to analyze my client's concerns and the facial expression and all that. And I realized that a lot people are concerned about left size is more saggy than the other. And I was wondering why there's a pattern like this. And another pattern interesting is, is that right corners of the mouth. It's more sagging the other one, and it's happening to me too. I tend to show more lower teeth on the right side than the other side. So that the two things that I realized like a pattern, that lots of people are concerned.So I started some research and I think I found the answer and how to fix it. The answer you are supposed to be asymmetrical because we have the right brain left brain work differently for different purpose and dominant hand nondominant hand dominant eye nondominant eye, but not just that recently I learned about the organs. Body organs are diff those are asymmetrically asymmetrically positioned. So this is my simple drawing. And as you can see on the right side, there's a big river liver, not river, but the liver, sorry, I'm not US native. So I still have hard time pronunciation between R and L because I'm Japanese. Anyway, liver is pressing lifting up your diaphragm, which is a red one diaphragm so it's easier to breathe. And then the right side, you have a big heart heart, heart, and this heart is heavy and importance is it's working in pressing down the diaphragm.So left diaphragm is a smaller, thinner than the right one. So right diaphragm is bigger and stronger and thicker. Because of this structure reason when you stand up or sit down, even you might be doing it like this, cause it's easier to use. This is the right side and left side. So easier to use this side. So when you're standing, you might be doing this, this like really compressed here and the pressure in this side and use the right diaphragm more than this one in your posture might be like this. And I been looking around outside. It's lots of people, right side small tilting down and left size is up. I'm exaggerating, of course, but if we can please try now, you don't have to stand up. You can sit down or you can stand up too but try to do more like exaggerated version exaggerate like this. And then when that happens, your pelvis is tilted to this side a little bit, right? A little bit like this. So if I exaggerate this, like this, like this, and then because of this position, if you want to look straight, you have to do like this.Let's do it again. So do like this cause you're pressuring on the right side and then pelvis is tilted a little bit. So it's like, like this it's easier. And then try to, instead of looking right side, you want to look forward, so like this, like this cause I'm exaggerating of course, but this, and then you see big muscles sternocleidomastoid SCM is having lots of, lots of, lots of tension to look forward, to look front. And then of course this has an overworking muscle and less overworking. This is overworking. So when this is overworking tension happening, this is connected to your face on the temple bone. So it's like the, this muscle SCM is pressing in and out[inaudible]When that happens this side is more in, in, in, so it's pulling it back in and back. So it's more smaller face and left side is becoming more loose. So it looks bigger. And when the, um, when the fat it's bigger than this one, the muscle is loose. So it's more sagging, right? And then because of the gravity, you get more sagging. And the other thing, not just the bigger and the saggy on the left side, but I realize that a lot of people and more saggy on the right corners of the mouth, more sagging the other side, because it makes sense because this is so constricted pulling. So of course this is connected. Everything is connected. It's really close to this SCM right so it's literally like, eh, because of this, [inaudible] like this. That's why we have more corners of the mouth, right side, somewhat sagging and showing more lower teeth than the left side and left side is more bigger and sagging. So If you think your left side is bigger and sagging and the corners of the mouth is more right side, some more sagging or something like that. Keep watching. Um, because there is some solution and I'm still studying a lot. So let me know if you are interested in more, want to know more detail, but basically, because we are tilting on the right side, always that's super simple easy fix. I mean, it's not quick fix, but easy. The first step is stop, stop sitting, stop pressuring on the right side. When you stand, when you sit or something. Yeah. So stop doing like this balance more left side. ahh right not that. Yeah. Left side. Right side left side, right side alternate. It's a balance because it's important to have. I mean, it's impossible to have asymmetrical stand all the time like military stand all the time, this is impossible. It's not practical. And you are not supposed to do that because of the organ structure that I explained. So it's okay to have this side this side, but try to do, try, stop doing the right, right stand. Stop doing the right stand. That's my message. And right sit or right stand and do that left one more than you think. Because most of the time you are doing the best one. So try to alternate. It's not that again. You're not supposed to be asymmetrical, but it's good to it. If you want to have asymmetrical, if you want to have a symmetrical face and body, it's important to balance on the both side, use the both side. If you still have some doubt about this theory. You can check other people when they are standing, waiting at the red light or something. A lot of people right side is tilting down. Anyway, I am still learning. So if you, if you're interested in other more detail, more exercise or tips more to balance the body more for symmetric symmetrical body and the face, please let me know in the comment below. And oh, as always, if you haven't got this yoga paper, please do so it's free download on my website kokofaceyoga.com and the book and sugar oil is available and we launched five new five new exercises on the app. So please try it. It's free and yeah .Thank you so much. See you in the next video, bye. Guest UserSeptember 30, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Vertical Lines on the Neck that Show Age | 3 Bad habits You Might Be Doing Every Day Guest UserOctober 3, 2020 Next How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises to unclog for easier nose breathing Guest UserSeptember 27, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Your Left Is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner Is Sagging", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/25/why-your-left-is-more-sagging-amp-right-mouth-corner-is-sagging-balance-your-body-to-improve-body"}
The Muscle Korean Have The Most And We Might | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account The muscle Korean have the most and we might But, wait, I'm not Korean. Newly discovered muscle, so not much information yet. Mm mm mmHi everyone. Today I'm going to talk about malaris muscle. Have you heard of it? I've never heard of it until I heard from Dr. Thouria. Thank you so much for your ongoing, continuous education really appreciate it. Anyway, malaris muscle is not in my textbook because it's relatively newly, newly discovered. Why people didn't know much about it? Because it was kind of hidden. It's like layer, there's a layer. And then it was hidden and it does not exist much in caucasian face. It does more prominent, more bigger presence in Asian face and African American face. How interesting is that? In the article that I was reading says Korean population is known to have the most prominent cheekbones of all the Asian populations. And this Malaris muscle is the purpose of this muscle is to lift up your cheekbone. No wonder Kpop stars are so good look good looking. I'm going to put the link of the study in description box below. So if you're interested in, please check it out. But, wait I'm not Korean. I'm Japanese. And then you might think you're not, you, you might not be Asian. You might not be African American what I'm gonna do? It's okay. There's always solution. Um, I mean, this is newly developed new not developed, newly discovered muscle. So not much information yet. Of course, I'm gonna learn more. But as of now, I think our, one of that exercise is useful to, to wake up the Malaris muscle. Malaris muscle is like around here. So there's big orbicularis oculi muscle, which starts sagging and the sleeping muscle of the zygomaticus minor, major levator labii superioris those sleeping and everything is down and in between those there's a secret muscle malaris muscle. It's underneath this muscle that's why it was hidden. So let's do malaris muscle squat exercise, AKA this one cat eye, by the way, if you haven't got this paper yet, please do so because it's free, available, free for free download on our website kokofaceyoga.com.So let's do it. Wash your face. I mean no face, wash your hands first, then put your fingers on this. So imagine that malaris muscle is like around here, right? So imagine that you cannot see it unless you cut the fresh you dead. And then somebody do, not to me unless you do that. You cannot see it. But anyway, you just imagine some, I believe it's around here. So we are trying to lift up this muscle. Even if you don't have much, we gonna try to develop or keep it so that it doesn't go away. So one finger here. The other one is here, here, and then try to lift up one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. We gonna do this. And then with the finger on purpose I'm gonna, you try to move this muscle up, up up 10 times.But because this is so tiny muscle, it's very, very difficult to do so, you gonna move your finger. Mm mm mm mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm. mm. But I'm not just really doing this. I'm not just doing it. I'm not just moving the skin. You try to move this muscle, with this movement. The purpose of this first movement is to remember the movement. But even though your fingers are moving, you try to lift up with your muscle power. Let's do it one more again with the movement of the fingers, but still try to move here. Lift up, mm mm mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm. And this time you do it with, by yourself, without the finger support, but you put the finger so that you feel the movement.Do you feel it? A little bit. You should have feel a little bit of movement. It's very, very tiny. So it's hard to feel it, but that's why you put your finger here. So of course let's do this, this side. So two steps. First one is with your finger and let's do the other side. But two steps. One is one, two, three, four, five. You move it with the finger. Finger moves the skin to, to remember the muscle movement, but used to try to lift up. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Okay. And then let's do without finger, without finger movement, but fingers on it. Do you feel it?It's hard for you to see this because very very micro-movement. And if you are in front of me in person pre-COVID, I would ask my client hand on and then let my client to feel the movement. And that would have been easier, but we have to adapt our style to COVID, COVID um, time right? So, I trust you to do this. Just the point is two steps. One is one, two, three, move it on purpose. But at the same time, try to move, lift up this malaris muscle up, up, up in the next one is finger on it but don't move the fingers, lift up, try to lift up the malaris muscle by yourself with your muscle power. When I was a kid, my nickname was Fox because my eyes are very, very sharp and very up upward. And I did not like it at that time, but now I miss it because yeah, I had a more, probably stronger malaris muscle at that time.And with age, those things deteriorates, and then I become more saggy, right? We don't want that. And so this is great for lifting up your cheekbone. Like the article says like a K-pop stars and also great for lifting up your, I think it's called canthal tilt yeah, cat eye cause I been teaching to private client and some people want to have a really high, like a K-pop star like this high, what's the word foxy eyes? So if you're interested in that and if you want to keep good high cheek bones, like it Kpop-Kpop stars, let's try this together with me. But because the muscle is very, very tiny this is not easy fix. Consistency on practice on a regular basis that's a key for success. More exercises. If you haven't checked my App yet, just search kokofaceyoga on Google, Google play or Apple store, app store and your review will be appreciated and thank you so much see you on my next video bye. Guest UserOctober 15, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines Guest UserOctober 19, 2020 Next Why Teeth Matters For The Face Guest UserOctober 13, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "The Muscle Korean Have The Most And We Might | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/10/15/zrmp5nfzhjkr9s248j5ujodl6e9utm"}
What Is DAO Muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms By Overworking DAO Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What is DAO muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms Caused By Overworking DAO and How to Relax It Because it's always down. Of course, you're going to get jowl. A little bit, Ooh, then feel this guy[inaudible]Hi everyone. Today I'm going to talk about the DAO muscle. DAO muscle is one of the underlooked muscles that people don't know much about it, ut, um, that that's the one of the overworking muscle, he redone. Right? So it's kind of important if you want to really improve your face. It's very important to know what DAO muscle is that I'm going to talk about the seven bad aging symptom that is created by overworking DAO, by the way, this muscle idea was inspired by one of your comments Thr otm thankyou so much. She gave me her, or he gave me a lot of good information about muscle anatomy. So really appreciate it. So if your continuous education to me, it would be really appreciated. Thank you so much.Number one. This is one of the major things, but when that DAO is activated, it's all it's overworking. So it's always down down. I hope it's up, but it's not, it's bringing it down. o of course, yeah, corners of the mouth starts sagging. And then there is a very common thing which is happening to myself. But my, this side is always down. Then this one, like this asymmetrical, and that's very, very common for so many people. If that's the case, this DAO is overwork, moreover working than the other. And there's some solution that we're going to talk about it, but let's move on to them. Number two thing.Number two reasons that you should not activate DAO is, jowl, this one, because it's always down, of course, you're going to get jowlNumber three, because this is pulling down, everything is connected. So even cheek are starting ahhh melting down. We call it cheekbone melt down Its not really chicked bone-melting down, but just an expression. Cheekbone meltdown happens and you lose the higher fuller cheeks and everything is like having tension in that lower face, which is not good.Number four, same thing. But it's because the cheekbones are meltdown. Not just cheeks, but everything. Eh, everything is not just here, but here, everything starts sagging.Number five, you get the nasolabial line because of the cheek meltdown and everything is pulling down so. Number six, you show lower teeth more than you should, not, more than you should because it's always pulling it down, down, down. So of course it's easy to show lower teeth, which is not good. If you don't know why you should not show lower teeth, please check my other video because you should not be showing lower teeth when you smile when you're talking or in your life in general,Number seven, because this is active. This is overworking. There's another one, the masseter muscle. This is kind of more overworking as well. And if this is overworking, this is going to it because it's connected. This is going to be overworking as well. So you're going to get more like a TMJ pain or more square face or those, um, unwanted, um, unpreferred unwanted symptom might happen. So now we understand the DAO is a big enemy. We should really try to relax, let it sleep, let it sleep. So now let's talk about prevention or treatment. How to relax DAO.Number one, keep good tongue posture and face posture. So when the tongue is up, the tongue is on the palate and sucking up. You move that tension from bottom up. So you will reduce the tension from DAO, which is a really good thing. And the other thing is the corners of the mouth should be a little bit not like that too much. See it's very, very tiny movement, but it's very important to keep the corners of the mouth just a little bit tiny bit up to move the attention from the bottom up and the inside the mouth teeth should not be, should not be touching TCH teeth contact habit is not good. The other thing you could do is try to not move your chin muscle because every time you move your chin, the overworking red one is moving, including DAO. So every time you talk, every time you smile, every time you say even Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, I know it's so weird. I'm still adjusting myself because it's so hard to change the speaking habit that I created over the past many years and suddenly I can't change it, but slowly, slowly, slowly getting better. So I'm really trying to fix my hold it. Whenever I yawn, or I laugh, I speak or so many things.If you want to know more face posture tips about this relationship, about the chin or something like that check out the videos and last but not least, this is my favorite stretch. So regular stretch is like, I mean, you don't have to do this thing. If you cannot do it, you could do just, just this. But I like using my like this so that I can super stretch. But if you stretch it like this, you are doing this trapezius muscle. It'sthat's fine. That's good too. But the one I'm trying to do is this is DAO. [inaudible] it's connected this guy.So I want to try instead of trapezius, little bit more up in the, up, back like this, and then a little bit, you don't want to do too much because you wanna relax the chin muscle. So that's yeah, don't do that too much. But just for the stretching purpose, you can do a little bit.Ooh,Ooh, Ooh. But a little bit, Ooh, then feel this guy, you are not turning, you're not stretching this one, but this one, which is static from the DAO, especially the saggy one. I have a problem on this side.Not too much about this side, but too much here. So I, every time I do YouTube before shooting, I stretch here and I think it's helping. So today was about DAO. But if you want to know more, some kind of facial muscle anatomy breakdown kind of thing, please let me know. This was my first series. I hope it will be popular. We'll see. But anyway, thank you so much for watching. Free download of this yoga papers available at kokofaceyoga.com, the book, the sugar oil for the face,and AI Koko and Face yoga app that give you gives you personalized menu for daily menu. So please try it. If you haven't, it's free download,and thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserSeptember 11, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate jowls Advanced face yoga exercise from the previous basic one Cellulite vacuum Guest UserSeptember 15, 2020 Next Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training the Upper Lip and Skin Between Nose and Lip Guest UserSeptember 8, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Is DAO Muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms By Overworking DAO", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/10/what-is-dao-muscle-7-aging-symptoms-caused-by-overworking-dao-and-how-to-relax-it-1"}
How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises to unclog for easier nose breathing 8, 9, 10 as long as possible. Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to clear your stuffy nose. This is so important for nose breathing, and I think if you're watching this video, you probably know the importance of nose breathing, but just quickly, let me explain. Health reason and beauty reason. For health reasons, when your nose breathes, there's a mucous membrane, some hair inside the nostril, that kind of thing, blocks as a filter from an unnecessary virus. So you will be healthier and no unnecessary virus doesn't go to the lungs. Well, that's a good thing. The other thing is that nitric oxide, nitric oxide is very, very effective to overall, um, improving your circulation in the body and the face. But a recent study says that nitric oxide may slow down the progression of COVID-19 and you do not get you do not produce nitric oxide from mouth breathing only from nose breathing.That's why it's important. For beauty reasons. Oh my gosh. There are so many because your mouth is open this area is stretched. And when you close your mouth, you get jowl. I blame this jowl due to my long habits, long time habits that my mouth was open. Even though I was doing nose breathing my mouth was open. Oh my gosh. I didn't know that at that time I was super regret that. But anyway, then I get this jowl one, right? So not good. And also not just that, because you are probably your body postures like this here, it's constriction. Uh, it's really tight here and it's always pulling everything is connected. So it's like this down, this part is down and you might think it's good for lift up. No, because this one is overworking muscle up, up, up, up, always up. Right? And then you get this Botox line.So if you like this is worsens this lift up thing. Yup. Then you get more line here because it's like this you're stretching the neck unnecessarily for long, too long time. Aside from the exercise, exercise, exercise is only like quick. So it's not going to stretch the skin, but like this. And then you keep doing it when you're not stretched. You get Turkey neck or whatever neck creepy skin happens. Yeah. And then your face becomes, ah, cause ah, it's longer. And because you don't do nose breathing, this nostril muscle becomes sleepy, sleepy, sleepy, and they become bigger and bigger, bigger, bigger. So you get the bigger nostrils, so many bad side effects from not doing nose breathing. So today let's do three exercise to clear your nose. Number one, first exhale. Then, when you inhale, I mean you don't inhale, you stop the breathing, you stop the breath and then pinch it like this, like this, like this, or like this like, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. As long as possible and then you keep the breathe. Stop the rest, pause the breath. And then pinch it then move around like up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down up side side, side, side, side, side, side side, or it could be like a 45 degree, 45 degrees. Don't go crazy because this is just for the nose. I don't want you to, um, damage your neck or any other areas just yeah, but just move around, but the good one is like this and then this one must, and then ta-da, what do you think?Number two, shiatsu massage. So you choose which one I'm going to, we're going to do three things and you choose, which one works for you or you want to do two of them or you three of them up to you. But the other one is the shiatsu massage that I had already explained, but hold it. And then one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. One Two three, four five six, seven eight, nine, ten. The last one, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. So one, two, three. Last one is and then simply bring it down. Then down, three to five times down,I already, every time I do this. I like my nose starts, not bleeding but start running, because it's, it's really this way. We are trying to relax this muscle. And also, um, unnecessarily fluid wastewater fluid is sitting here and that becomes a, um, that nose bigger, which is a different story, different problem from the stuffy nose. But I, when I did this exercise on my YouTube and lots of people say that exercise PPP, this one, and this one really helps to create a stuffy nose. So I wanted to introduce that. So those are three exercises you can do. And I hope one of them, at least one of them works for you if you have a stuffy nose because it's so important to clear the nose for nose breathing. And as always, if you haven't got this yoga paper yet, please do so it's a free download on our website www.kokofaceyoga.com book is available. Yoga is available. AI Koko is available and the app started to produce not producing, uh, introducing a personalized exercise for your concerns. So you choose five, five concerns out of 10 selections 10 areas. And then we will give you exercise for your concerns so that you can easily continue. And I hope you will try. It's a free download so you can, yeah, you can try, even if you're not paid, users. That's good. Um, what else, if you have any app problems, please, please, please do email us [email protected] because we want to fix it. We have to fix it. Um, this is a small company and we learn from you guys. So if you can let us know any problem, um, we really appreciate it. And not just that, but if you can comment or question or suggestion, new information, I so much learn from you guys I really appreciate it. I cannot, I cannot answer everything, but I really tried to answer on the video. So please keep commenting. And that's my motivation. Thank you so much see you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserSeptember 27, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why your Left is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner is Sagging | Balance Your Body to Improve Body Guest UserSeptember 30, 2020 Next What is Gonial Angle? The most attractive degree is 120-130 | How to keep the angle within the range Guest UserSeptember 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/22/how-to-clear-your-stuffy-nose-3-easy-face-yoga-exercises-to-unclog-for-easier-nose-breathing"}
What Is Gonial Angle? | How To Keep The Angle Within The Range Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What is Gonial Angle? The most attractive degree is 120-130 | How to keep the angle within the range How to eat, how to drink, how to smile. Of course, gonial line is going to be bigger, more than 130degree. Not good.Hi everyone. Today. I'm going to talk about gonial line. Gonial line is this, this jawline if in general, it's considered, if for men 130 degrees is ideal for the most attractive face in general, for women it's considered 120 to 130. So if this angle is more than 130, ah, it's not, but more like this, which means, um, that face is longer, which is not considered good. So I'm going to introduce three tips to three exercises to kind of, uh, keep the gonial line smaller or 120 to 130.Number one, tongue posture. I keep talking about this. So you might be tired of hearing this, but it's the most important thing. Tongue posture because when the tongue is up on the, against the palate, you automatically naturally lift up everything. So you will have the lifted lift up face and that all the tension is from the bottom up because if the tongue is down on that bottom when your face is resting, everything is down, down, down, pulling down, and then bone structure might change too. So you get more, more than 130 degrees in this gonial line, and then the face becomes longer. So it's very, very important. Just a quick summary. So the tongue should be not this, but this the difference, not this, but this wants to know more the detail, how to achieve this check the other videos. Number two face posture when your face has to move because you are smiling or eating, drinking, or many things. If you haven't watched our latest how to eat, how to drink, how to smile video, please do so. But let's just quickly summarize that. So when you, uh, let's do drinking when you're drinking, instead of every time you do bad posture like this, this applies to when your face is resting as well, but the more you do, become pointy and they become longer. And the gonial line become bigger than 130 degrees.I think. So always head is on, not like this head is on your butt always when you're walking or when you're sitting at the desk. The other thing is that if you're doing like this and Ooh, the more you get tension here, the face become longer because it's pulling down. So when you smile, the head is on your butt, and then tiny smile, not when you smile, when you drink tongue is of course when you swallow your water, the tongue is a hard mew, like a pressing up like this, like this, and then drink that water or any drink. Also, the same thing for the eating, eating [inaudible] I did a more detailed video. So please check that. But the point is, when you swallow again, again, the tongue is lifting up and down, not down, but swallow. When you smile, the same thing, always tongue is up. If the tongue is, you can do this experiment, tongue put your tongue on the bottom of the chin, and then smile. I have a lot of tension here. Do you feel it? And then put it next one, put it up on the palate and then do the same smile. It's easier, right? Don't you think so? And if you have a habit to do E smile, and if you don't know the difference, if E smile or the V smile, check the other video too. But when you smile, I like you to put your tongue on top of this palate so that you feel more tension here and reduce tension inhere. Number three, do not drop your jaw, as little as possible in your daily life. So even when you're talking, when you're yawning, try not to move your chow, chow, not chow. Chow is a, yeah, chin and jaw are combined as a chow, that's my words. But don't drop your jaw. The more you do, the more you develop this muscle, and then the more you do because it's an aha, of course, the gonial line it's going to be bigger, more than 130 degree. That's not good. You guys know the importance of not showing lower teeth when you're talking, right? So if you haven't watched the video please do so basically you don't want to show lower teeth because if you have to show lower teeth, it always brings it down. Overworking muscle is going down, pulling down my gonial line is so long. And the other thing is yawning, yawning. Everyone, yawns. I think everyone does not maybe not everyone. Lots of people do include me. And you don't know how many times do you do. I do a lot when I'm bored. Um, then every time, Ahh then that increases the gonial line angle, right? So you don't want to do that. So when you, when you yawn, this is another video you have to watch. If you haven't watched it, but in summary, instead of a, ah, try not to move the chin and then put your finger to relax the nose or eyes, or it could be like this, every time you yawn. So right now I yawn, every time I yawn I touch my here to relax, otherwise I'dcause too many wrinkles. That's not good. So relax here. I mean, this has nothing to do with the gonial line thing, but yeah, that's another tip anyway, when you yawn. No, no, but yeah. And try to move your cheek.If you want to know more other exercises, please visit my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download yoga paper and the sugar oil for the skin. And the app is available. If you have any trouble with the App, please email us [email protected]because we have answers for you if you're having trouble and the AI Koko is available as well, waiting for your questions? So if the robot can not answer, I will answer. So please try that if you haven't and thank you really so much for your all the comments, I read everything and I try to answer on the video because I cannot answer each one, but I really appreciate them. Thank you so much. And then see you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserSeptember 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises to unclog for easier nose breathing Guest UserSeptember 27, 2020 Next Eliminate jowls Advanced face yoga exercise from the previous basic one Cellulite vacuum Guest UserSeptember 15, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Is Gonial Angle? | How To Keep The Angle Within The Range", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/18/what-is-gonial-angle-the-most-attractive-degree-is-120-130-how-to-keep-the-angle-within-the-range"}
7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Fix Asymmetrical Eyes By Fixing The Habits Ah, always sitting like this, your hairstyle, where the TV is matter.[inaudible]Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about seven bad habits to cause asymmetrical eyes. If you haven't watched the seven bad habits to cause asymmetrical face, not the eye, but the face in general, please do, please do watch that because it's really basic and very important to know. But today I'm going to specify the target of the eye asymmetrical eye.Number one angry eyebrow. So what is an angry eyebrow, angry eyebrow is like a beep, not like this smooth, but it's like this bigger triangle happens when you make some, um, confused or angry or sad kind of facial expression, especially in the dominant one only dominant one? I have seen some people do that and I personally cannot do it cause I'm not trying to do that. But some people, if you're right-handed, probably, probably not always, but probably your right eye is dominant and you might be able to use move your eyebrow. One only, not the two at the same time. And the one only, especially the right one. If your right eye is dominant. And then if you keep doing that facial expression all the time, of course, you're going to be asymmetrical face because you keep doing overworking through this dominant muscle so don't do that.Number two, when you're watching something, when you're reading something, when you're working on the computer you're excessively using the dominant eye. Um, it's the same thing story as a previous one, but if you know which one is dominant and if you don't know-how, how to find out, please check the other video that I did before because it's important to know which one is dominant or non-dominant cause probably, you might be overusing the dominant eye, but how do you not use dominant eye. So if you're very very interested in, you could try something like this eyepatch and then put it on dominant eye and watch TV at least a couple hours. And then when you release it, it's very, very uncomfortable at the beginning cause after you get used to it, but when you release it, Oh my gosh, your eyesight is much better because this nondominant is, has lots of rest. So it's good for the eyes. And you could try this method and or when you, my advice, when you, when you, um, do phone, this is right-hand. My dominant hand, lots of people do use the phone on the dominant hand and try if you dominant it's on the dominant side, I use more dominant eye cause its closer. So instead of holding the phone on the dominant eye, hold the phone on the non-dominant and then try to watch, scroll up up up, TikTok, or Instagram or YouTube or something like that. And just, just try to use the non-dominant eye so that you use more non-dominant use non-dominant hand to use a non-dominant eye.Number three furniture positions, especially TV screens. So if I'm sitting here and if the TV is this way, and this is my dominant eye, so I tend to use this guy to watch TV. So I like putting my screen on this non-dominant side. So I try to use the non-dominant eye. So if you haven't watched my desk setting video, please do because it's important. But anyway, a furniture position where theTV is matters, not just the TV, but uh, if you are sitting always here and your family always this side, then you use a more non-dominant side. So you might want to re-change what's the word re-layout your furniture position to use a more non-dominant eye. Number four, your body posture matters for asymmetrical eyes. Because if the body is always like this typical, bad position hunched over the neck is restricted and then kind of looking down this. And then when you look up this thing happens when you do that, especially in this non-dominant one is going to happen. So body posture matters put your head on your butt or heel always and tuck your chin just a little bit, not this much, but just a little bit. Number five, you might have a habit to do like this. Always sitting like this. Always, always, always, always and what happened is when you do this, I'm not worried about this wrinkles much, but I'm worried about this stretching. You're stretching your skin, especially if you do like here, this is worse because the skin around the eye is very, very thin. So if you don't want to stretch it, and then the more stretch it when you did not stretch it, that shows as saggy skin or wrinkles or the kind of thing that worsens asymmetrical eyes. So don't do that. You might feel like it's lifted, but it's not. It's kind of the opposite worse. So don't, don't do like this.Number six sleeping position. Same thing. If you're sleeping on this site, it's always like this always like this. Number seven, your hairstyle. So if you have a hairstyle, always like always like this, it's a little bit covering on this side this is more open because this is my favorite side or whatever reason it's always covering. And then you, this, this eye is not gonna work. And this is, this is always working, working, working, working. So I understand that everybody has a good side and the bad side, but, um, you better change the hairstyle. Um, if you, if you, if that your bang is covering your eye, especially then so that you are, that non-dominant eye works more. So those are seven habits to cause asymmetrical eye. Please be careful before you come, before you try to find any solution to fix asymmetrical eyes, it's very, very important to fix the fundamental cause to causes, to create asymmetrical eyes. That's way more important than doing any exercise or whatever you are you might be doing for as a treatment fix the cause. That's, that's super important. And as always, if you are interested in other exercises, my paper yoga paper is available on our website kokofaceyoga.com free download book is available, sugar oils, this one oil for the skin is available and the app is available. We started the new feature called personalized. I don't know why I'm doing this personalized, um, exercise menu for your concerns. So you pick five concerns and it will give you randomly give you not randomly, but we're gonna suggest some good exercise for your concerns. So you don't have to do everything. That's crazy. You have to do everything. This one. Um, yeah, please try it. And AI Koko is available on the website. So if you have any questions, please ask there as well, so that I understand and I can, if the robot cannot answer, I will answer. So stay tuned. See you in the next video Guest UserSeptember 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training the Upper Lip and Skin Between Nose and Lip Guest UserSeptember 8, 2020 Next Face Yogi's night routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep from Cleansing to Facial Meditation Guest UserSeptember 1, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/3/7-bad-habits-that-cause-asymmetrical-eyes-fix-asymmetrical-eyes-by-fixing-the-habits"}
Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training the Upper Lip and Skin Between Nose and Lip Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to shorten the philtrum and try to create Cupid's bow. This is the latest version. By the way, this technique was inspired by one of the comments on this YouTube.So I really appreciate your suggestion, correction or advice or feedback or anything. I read everything. I can not answer everything, but I try to absorb it and show it on the video.First, wash your hands, and then use the index finger and try to create that Cupid's bow, a little bit like this. And then they, um, thumb, uh, below, right below the lower lip to hold it, hold it. So to make sure that lower lip is not supposed to move only the upper lip like this, and then try to like put against the philtrum area and philtrum and a gum area or teeth like a hold it each other, hold it like this, each other. So imagine that you're holding it stable, the lower lip so that this chin moves. If you, if the chin moves that you're using this muscle, you don't want to do that. Hold it then philtrum is pressing against the gum area. And then I'm trying to go out like a pull the philtrum out this one out, not up or down, but straight to the front. Imagine that, and then try to say who you don't want todo. You don't wanna use this muscle so hold it. Don't move your lower lip and then 10 seconds. And then when you say who, who, who, who, when you say it this is against the gum area and then pressing each other. Let's do one more time. So hold it lower lip then create the Cupid's bow, like a dark lip. Then, it'snot like. Then I'm using these guys and these guys don't use any other muscle else, but this one tries to move this one only. So.. Do you feel it? By saying who I can feel this one better if you feel it it's easier than the brain is signaling to work here. So it helps then after saying who, who, who, who you want to do, like, uh, 10 seconds. Then slowly let go of the fingers, but keep it keep the same shape. I still feel here like really pressing each other, you might not see it, but I feel it as long as you feel like it's okay, then like this. Then work on computer studying, cooking, cleaning, driving, or something, do something. And then try to keep this tension as long as possible. Just for the demonstration purpose. I'm not going to use a finger, but it's not like using this one, right? It's not the one I'm trying to do. It's more like out. So you should not create a nasolabial line. You should not move any muscle. This one. So just focus on this philtrum and upper lip area. To be honest, this exercise is a very short time, so if you just do that. It'snot that effective. My recommendation is to try to keep that tension in the philtrum area when you're talking when you're facing resting as long as possible, but by doing the foo, foo, foo, foo, foo, foo, by doing so you can feel it. You can kind of identify which muscle that you're working you're supposed to work. So it really helps. If you haven't got my yoga paper yet, please do so it's a free download available atkokofaceyoga.com, and the book and the sugar oil for the skin is available. AI Koko is available and app is available. We launched a new service to advise you some three exercises per day for your concern. So you check five exercises out of 10 areas, and then we'll give you some advice, um, exercise for your personal menu. So please try it. If you haven't. Thank you so much. And uh, oh, again. I wanted to say this. Um, this channel is for you guys. It's not for me. It's, I'm just being the host, but I get so inspired by your comments. You've given me some new ideas or some suggestions, feedback science knowledge or muscle anatomy kind of thing, so many things, and I really appreciate it. So please leave some comments if you like this video. And I hope to learn from you guys more. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserSeptember 8, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What is DAO muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms Caused By Overworking DAO and How to Relax It Guest UserSeptember 11, 2020 Next 7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Fix Asymmetrical Eyes By Fixing The Habits Guest UserSeptember 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/9/8/shorten-philtrum-the-latest-face-yoga-by-training-the-upper-lip-and-skin-between-nose-and-lip"}
5 Devices I Don't Like | Face Exercise Devices Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face exercise devices that I don't like | Don't overwork the overworking muscles Hmm.Like this and this is how I exercise.[inaudible].Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to review some face exercise equipment. In my previous video, I talked about some warning about warnings, about other face exercises. So this is another version for equipment. If you haven't watched the previous one, please doit's in the description box below. Number one, this one, I don't know the name of this, but something like this. I mean, this doesn't have to be exactly this brand, but something like this, how you do like this. Yeah.Hmm.More than 10 years ago when I was younger 20 something, I used to do this a lot. I think still Japanese store sell it. Um, and I tried it all the time, but now I don't do it anymore because now I learned the difference of between sleeping muscle and overworking muscle, by doing this, you're kind of a, this one, the red one, the red one is gonna overwork. Right? So I don't recommend this kind of thing unless you can lift up the chewing up method or technique that I explain. If you haven't watched my, how to eat video, please do in the description below again. But if you do, it's impossible to chew with cheeks. You have to use this muscle, this muscle, the red one. So, I don't do this anymore. Number two pacifier. I mean, it's not a pacifier, it's a baby bottle cap. I didn't know the name. So when I was doing it like a really long time ago, at the beginning of my YouTube career, I was doing this and promoting it, but I don't do anymore. Sorry about my, I mean, as I do more, I keep learning more new things, new things, new things. And then I learned, and then I don't do this because I don't think I'm causing tension in the chin. It's relaxed. But the thing I don't like this is that it’s stretching the skin. It's okay to stretch kind of a stretch the more here beginning of the nasolabial line but not here, here. Yeah. This stretching one is yeah. The one I don't like about this. So, but I was doing so years, maybe a couple of years, I think more than a couple of years. So I regret that I was doing it. And I'm sorry about that. If you are interested in doing this, I don't recommend this anymore. That was the old information. At that time, I didn't know that you should not stretch the skin and stretch skin cause wrinkles. I didn't know about that at that time. Number three on some social media, I sometimes see people, something like this. I mean, this is, this is just the container. So it's not that specific item that I'm talking about, but something like this, and then.Mmmm.Then, chew chew chew. Yeah.Yeah.To create more clear, clearer jawline, I think. So about this. I get this question a lot about this kind of item. If you want to have a more defined jawline, it might be good, but this is, um same concern about the people who do mukbang, who eat a lot because the more you use a jaw, this become more overdeveloped and it becomes bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger. So if you wanted this more bigger one defined look it might be okay. But careful about the teeth. Cause I see some, um, lots of feedback that some people break teeth cause it’s biting too hard or something like that. Um, before in general, in general for women, I don't think you want to have really defined this square face. I don't think so. So, and again, the same thing as, um, this one, same thing. It's similar. Those are similar. But if you are regular, traditional chewing is uh, using this one. This one, this one, the red one. Yeah. So this is the overworking muscle. It's always out, out, out. See lower teeth showing. if this is overworking, this is overworking down. When that happens, everything is pulled being pulled down. Down, down, down. So you become your face becomes longer. And your cheekbones start meltdown because it's everything is pulled down more nasolabial line more jowl, everything is down, down, down. If you develop this muscle. So I don't like it. I'm not a big fan of it, but I've never really tried it. So I might try that in the future. But um, yeah. Careful about your teeth when you do these teeth, careful about teeth, and then unless you want to have more square face. I don't know about this. I don't think so. Number four, Imean, this is broken, broken, but patakara is a Japanese. Equipment and distributed to some other dentists. And I believe it's in Australia or other countries too. You wear them and then some exercise. I don know the detail, but this is not gonna train this muscle, but it's stretching, I used to do this a lot. That's why it broke because I was using a lot but not anymore because you don't wanna stretch the skin. This item became a little bit controversial inJapan that I saw some dentists were not promoting it and other dentists said don't use it. So it was like lost or something and that it was happening. So I think personally, I don't use it. I don't like it. Number five, everyone'sfavorite.No, no, no, no, no, showing lower teeth because I cannot close my mouth. It's ridiculous. This is just for cosplay. Not for exercise. If you have other exercise programs or equipment or something that you like me to review, please let me know in the comment. Cause I read all the comments and I'm sorry, I can not reply to everyone, but um, I try to reply in here instead. So I hope you're not mad at me. And um, also always check my website, kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper, book, and the sugar oil is available there and AI Koko is available. So if you have any face related questions, please ask there. Because if that robot cannot answer, I will answer. We are trying to create more databases so that it’s becoming more help desk for the face. And App, we launched a new 12 or 13 or 14, I forgot lots of more new exercises, almost everything from here. So please check it out. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye Guest UserAugust 9, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face meditation | Reduce unnecessary tension, wrinkles and stress from the face, for face posture Guest UserAugust 12, 2020 Next 5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Warnings about Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 7, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Devices I Don't Like | Face Exercise Devices", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/7/face-exercise-devices-that-i-dont-like-dont-overwork-the-overworking-muscles"}
Reduce 11th Lines While Sleeping Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Relax 11th Muscles Between Eyebrows Especially While Sleeping Reduce Tension from the Face You have lots of attention here. So move it out, move it from inside to out. It's signaling the brain that you're supposed to move the tension from inside out.[inaudible]Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to prevent this 11th line, especially when you are sleeping, when you are awake, you can kind of control control it, right? To some extent, because you can see it. You can put a lot of mirrors around you, or when you do skincare, you can do break down the muscle tension by doing this shiatsu technique, both sides to break down the muscle tension. Rocks And also when, when you think you're doing it and then just beep touch it or knock, knock, knock just, just touching, just one beep and then brain. It's not like a signal signaling the brain that you are not supposed to overwork, relax. This is just touching it. Yeah, of course. You have to wash your hands. And then kind of that if the environment allows you are at home and then you can just beep, or, knock knock knock knock but the harder part is when you're sleeping, because you're unconscious, you cannot control it. So let me introduce three tips that you could try right before you fall asleep.Number one, meditation, And I like doing the kind of face meditation in bed when I'm lying down in the bed, but totally up to you. But I like doing it when I'm like really right before I sleep. So in my previous video, I did face meditation. If you haven't checked that, please do because it's very, very good to relax the facial muscles cause of relaxing facial muscle is harder than working up sleeping muscles to lift up the skin. So relaxing is so, so, so hard. And if you, right before you sleep, you have lots of tension in the brain and the, in the face, of course, you're going to get lots of wrinkles including this one, which you don't want to have that. So, super important to try to relax by meditation.Number two, stroking like this from inside out. And you're supposed to do this in bed, not when you're awake, but in bed right before you sleep, just stroking and doing this motion, telling the brain, signaling the brain that you're supposed to move the tension from inside out. So touching really helps you don't want to cause a lot of tension. So not like not like this, but gently gently from inside out.Number three ,This is my favorite. So if you have tension around this area, if you cause this one, you have the tension in here too. Not just between the eyebrows, but also the inner corners of the eye have a lot of tension here. How do were move it? You can try to, um, reduce it from like this slowly, gently stroke. But my favorite is, the, um, move the eyeball from inside, out, inside out. And this is so hard for me too, I keep trying every night, but it's hard, but it really helps to reduce the tension, not just this one, but this, this area, this one. So the way we try to use it, do it. And at the beginning, it's so hard to feel what's going on. So I suggest you use a finger, wash your hands, and then assuming you wash your hands when you sleep. So put your fingers like this and then try to inside the finger. Um, I'm gonna let my fingers go so that you can see but inside. It's it's a little bit I'm exaggerating, but it's like a cross-view. It's a little bit like this eyeball is more inside. If you have lots of tension here, so move it out, move it from inside to inside. So the way you feel it, you put your finger and then try to have tension in the inner corners of the eye. And then slowly out in, out in out. If you have, if you move it in, out, in, out, if you have a finger here, you feel the movement, right? So I highly suggest you use a finger to, to use a finger, to feel the movement from inside, out at the beginning until you get, you get used to it. And then after you get used to it, you can just relax and close your eyes. And then, Oh, I have tension in here, so I have to move it from inside out. You can do it without a finger later. Also another bonus tip. My clients told me that they sometimes wear tape here, like one, two cross, like cross here just could be like, uh, maybe not the regular tape but the medical grade tape, just wear it. And then just putting something can help relax the facial muscles personally, I haven't seen big results because I don't have that habit as much as other people in general. So, but if you have a very deep one and you, you might want to try the tape method because my client said, I heard maybe 10 people so far this year and they said it really works. So I think it's worth trying. Another tip. If you, if you think you' regrinding when you sleep, I'm relaxing this jaw muscle helps to. But, um, when you're asleep, it's hard to, it's not hard, but it's impossible to control that. So when you're awake, if you have a good face posture, upper teeth lower teeth should not be touching slight, slight, slight, very tiny gap between all the time that will reduce jaw tension. And if you, that becomes your normal face posture, when your face is awake, and then it's easier not to grind when you're sleeping.I hope the tips help you sleep better tonight. As always, if you haven't download free download the yoga paper yet, please do so because it's available there, just visit kokofaceyoga.com and the book is available. The sugar oil is available and AI Koko is available for any questions. And the app, we have updated more like a 10 plus 13 or something, more new exercise. Basically, everything is almost everything is in the app. So please try it. If you haven't checked it out. We have a challenge with android, to be honest. And, uh, yeah, so we might temporarily temp as a temporary solution. We might pause it, not ready for sale on the Google play store for now, but we're working on it. So your patience would be appreciated. Anyway, thank you so much for watching and see you the next video Guest UserAugust 15, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix Gummy Smile | Relax the Overworking Muscles That Cause Gummy Smile with Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserAugust 21, 2020 Next Face meditation | Reduce unnecessary tension, wrinkles and stress from the face, for face posture Guest UserAugust 12, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reduce 11th Lines While Sleeping", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/11/how-to-relax-11th-muscles-between-eyebrows-especially-while-sleeping-reduce-tension-from-the-face"}
Fix Gummy Smile, Face Yoga Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix Gummy Smile | Relax the Overworking Muscles That Cause Gummy Smile with Face Yoga Exercises If it's not easy to smile, you have these guys have extra work hard to lift up your muscles. So that causes a gummy smile.[inaudible]Hi, everyone. Today we are going to work on a gummy smile. In case you don't know what gummy smile is. A gummy smile is like when you smile, too much gum area is showing when you smile like this. There is some medical treatment you might want to consider, but if you don't fix the fundamental cause to create the gummy smile, the result might not, might be temporary. So if you're interested in natural solutions and trying to fix the fundamental cause, keep watching.Number one, relax this muscle on the side of the nose. This one is overacting up overworking when you smile like this. So then like this and showing the gum area and the nostril becomes bigger because this becomes like kind of really up and then nose wrinkle and some tiny wrinkle. Nothing is good when this is overworking, especially when you smile, especially because it shows the gum area.So this is where people do Botox on to prevent, to reduce gummy smile symptom. So now we know the reason this is overworking. So why not relax them? After washing your hands when you do skincare or any time, but use a finger and then you can do this too. But because of that corona-virus thing, I'm going to use this one is knuckled it's safer. Whichever easier for you is fine, but just look massage down massage, down, and then massage down. If you have a gummy smile issue, probably when you massage down, shiatsu down, you might have felt a little bit pain, but that's a good pain that you are supposed to break down. So it's okay to have felt some pain, not too much, but a little bit of pain. That's a muscle tension that we need to break it down. Depending on the condition, But you could do like one, two, three, four, five, five massages, but do slowly not like [inaudible], doesn't make this doesn't mean much. So do slowly. Shiatsu down. Shiatsu down like five times, five to 10 times per day. It is recommended to do little by little throughout the day, instead of 10 times at once like onetime, 10:00 AM, two time, 11:00 AM, three times 4:00 PM or some, something like that. Tip number two, tongue posture matters. Why tongue matters for a gummy smile? Because when the tongue is down on the bottom, on the lower chin, you have, you have a pressure to bottom. Everything is done, pressure down. So when you smile, you have to this muscle extra work hard to bring it up to smile, make sense? So if the tongue is touching on the palate like this, you have a good tension on this area. So you, these guys do not do not all have to overwork. If you don't know what good tongue posture is and how to train it, please check out the videos in the description below. Let's do one experiment. So put your tongue up on the palate, which is good tongue posture. And then smile. Show me upper teeth.My tongue is on top, on the rooftop. And then on purpose, put the tongue on the bottom of the chin and then do the same smile. So, mm, up tongue up or tongue down.[inaudible]Did you feel any difference in the muscle when I tongue up and smile? It's easy, but if the tongue is down and then smile, I have lots of tension here. And I feel like, I mean, personally, I don't think I have gummy smile, gummy smile issue, but I have I feel more, more here and it's hard, more not here, but more lower part have tension. So it's not easy to smile. If it's not easy to smile, you have, these guys have to extra work hard to lift up your muscles. So that cause gummy smile.Tip three, let's do one exercise. So use your finger like the one we did in the massage. So pull down and then smile and try not to try to relax this muscle and then use your finger to help that. And then show upper teeth. Then atleast eight then keep the smile. [inaudible]. Upper teeth should be showing otherwise it's not a good practice. So break it down, and but try to relax this part then ten seconds then we get when the 10 seconds is done. Uh, and then slowly let go the fingers and then keep it, um, three, four and eight,nine,10.So those are three tips.One is bring it down because this is the Botox muscles. You want to bring it down, always relax. Number two is a tongue posture matters. So when you smile, even when you're not smiling, but especially when you smile, keep the tongue up always. And number three is a, bring it down, relax down and then smile ten seconds and let go, and then keep the beautiful smile with relaxed muscle here. By the way, totally separate from the gummy smile thing, but I'm going to answer one question from the YouTube comments because I cannot answer each one. And uhm so let me randomly choose that question.Okay. This one is mak cann will this last permanently? I did this a lot, but after I sleep, it returns to my original, huge nose. What should I do? This is for the nose exercise. The result is not permanent, same as body exercise. So if you do body exercise, keep doing it, doing it, and you are fit. You have good muscle and that's great, but if you've stopped doing the exercise the body becomes the original condition,right? Same as for the face. I mean, in general, you should be, keep doing it on a regular basis to keep the result. But if you keep doing good face posture, usher, and stop doing about facial expression habit,and keep good, correct way of moving your facial muscles for daily facial activities, you will not need to do those so many exercise every single day. Like in fact, I have so many exercises.As you know, but I don't do everything.I do very little, but try to keep good face posture when your face is resting and it keeps good, correct way of moving your facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities,such as speaking, smiling, eating, yawning, breathing, sleeping, uh, so many things which I introduced on this YouTube channel. So if you do that, you do not. You will not need to just do so many exercises,everything every single day, but in general, especially at the beginning, I highly suggest you do the exercises if it works. And then,Uh, in there later, you will not need to do as much as you used to do at the beginning. Make sense?As always, if you haven't got this yoga paper yet, please do so. It's free download available at kokofaceyoga.com. The book is available, the sugar oil for the face is available and app is available. AI Koko is available for any questions if the robot cannot answer I will answer. So please ask me there as well. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye Guest UserAugust 21, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Face Yoga Exercises & Tips for Nose Slimming | Make your nose a bit Smaller & Reshape It Better Guest UserAugust 26, 2020 Next How to Relax 11th Muscles Between Eyebrows Especially While Sleeping Reduce Tension from the Face Guest UserAugust 15, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Gummy Smile, Face Yoga Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/15/fix-gummy-smile-relax-the-overworking-muscles-that-cause-gummy-smile-with-face-yoga-exercises"}
3 Face Yoga Exercises and Tips for Nose Slimming | Koko face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Face Yoga Exercises & Tips for Nose Slimming | Make your nose a bit Smaller & Reshape It Better Ahhh.Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about three exercises and tips to make our nose a little bit slimmer. Did you guys watch the mini-session recently uploaded on YouTube with Kasturi? She was concerned about the little bit bigger nose, and we did some exercise that we're going to do today. Again, I wanted to summarize it because it was working because some people said that Kasturi's nose becomes instantly small, a little bit smaller right after the thing we did. So let's do it. Number one nostril exercise this nostril becomes bigger with age, and there are multiple reasons, but basically this exercise, we want to train this muscle to like this. It's a little bit hard to do it, but there are three steps for this first exercise. So let's do it. Number one, wash your hands, then put your finger like this or this or this just don't do like this inside it become it enlarge the nostril bigger. So don't do that, but just, just to hold it like this or this, whatever, it's easier for you. So I'm gonna do this. Then 5 to 10 seconds. So basically hold it. And then the other open nostril, exhale, inhale, inhale from the nose and then shrink hold, um, close it as much as possible. And then keep it like 10 seconds. In order for you to do 10 seconds, you really need to exhale first. And then when you inhale, it's easier to do so let's do the other side. So first, So when you did both sides, did you notice that either one is harder to do? The other one was easier to do? If so you might have an asymmetrical nose, then you do the weaker, weaker nostril suction one more time or two more times. Other advanced versions might be you use the two fingers and then do like this, or like this. Maybe I'm going to try this way. I'm going to try this way actually, it's so funny your face. 10 seconds. So we did one side and the one side this time, you did two at the same time and then suck it suction, then 10 seconds. Actually there's another one. If you want to do more, which is my favorite do not use a finger. And first, exhale, then I couldn't, I have to exhale bigger so that I could hold10 seconds. But the idea is to thing two nostrils at the same time. And I noticed lots of comments that say that you cannot do these two at the same time. If so your nostril becomes a little bit weak, so better, worse, practicing and practice makes perfect.Exercise number two. So this one is not the muscle training but reduce the waste fluid. The fluid is a, is, um, it's all over the face and all over the body. And when the blood circulation is not good, when it's poor, you get unnecessary fluid and then in the face and the body too, and then it becomes a little bit bigger and that makes your nose bigger. And this one makes, uh, gives you instant results. If the cause of the bigger nose is coming from fluid, excess fluid. What you need is your knuckle in my video that I did last year, I was using like this, but I think, I feel like this is safer for coronavirus thing. And also it's more stable. So I like this way now, anyway, we're going to do like, from one, two, three. We're gonna hold it and kind of, uh, bring up the nose bump from like hook it, like dig it up. And then one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Then the second one, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10.And then the last one, this is the most important one. So hold it and one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. Um, in my, the old one last year, I was saying five seconds, but I feel like 10seconds I've been doing with other people. I learned that 10 seconds is maybe better. I think so. As of now I suggest 10 seconds, 10 seconds, 10 seconds, 10 seconds. Then just try to dig out, out, not down, up, but straight to out, uh, out like, so this way we are like kind of, uh, trying towhat'sthe word, bring it to the nose is a little bit more out separating that bone and the muscle so that it becomes more straight here. And then reducing the unnecessary waste.Number three. We're gonna relax these guys, these guys, because when we make any facial expression, no smile and then the Q like this,this is bad smile wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle. This way we are activating this guys are up, up, up, up. When this guys are activated up, you get more visible nasolabial line, especially when you smile. Causeit'salways up. Not just smiling but when you yawn causing wrinkles or those things too. So this is easily. It gets easily activated too much. So we want to relax that. The way we do is you could use this finger, but I think I feel like this knuckle is easier. So just massage slowly down then massage down three to fivetimes. Thumb, she, go like this massage down to relax. In addition, to the exercise it's very, very important to be aware of this motion for the daily facial activities, such as, as I said, smiling, when you smile, [inaudible] try not to use this muscle when you smile. That's number one. The other thing is that when you do yawning, which I do every day, almost every day, when you yawn,[inaudible] that might be happening. Don't do that. So every time I yawn I kind of relax, I use finger,literally use my finger to touch my nose, to relax, to tell signal the brain that you're supposed to. This area is supposed to relax [inaudible] down. I literally do touch my nose every time I yawn, we have many more exercises. So you haven't got this yoga paper yet. Please do so because it's free download available on our website kokofaceyoga.com and book is available, oil is available AI Koko is available to answer any questions. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. So please ask questions there as well.And, but also I read all the comments on YouTube. I cannot answer everything, but I will. I'm trying to answer on my on this video or not just this video, but videos in general and what else? AI, uh, FaceYogaapp is updated. It's getting much better than before. So I'm now confident to promote officially, so please try that. It's a free download and yep. I think that's it. So thank you. Thank you so much for watching and you see you in the next video. Bye Guest UserAugust 26, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face Yogi's night routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep from Cleansing to Facial Meditation Guest UserSeptember 1, 2020 Next Fix Gummy Smile | Relax the Overworking Muscles That Cause Gummy Smile with Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserAugust 21, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Face Yoga Exercises and Tips for Nose Slimming | Koko face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/25/3-face-yoga-exercises-amp-tips-for-nose-slimming-make-your-nose-a-bit-smaller-amp-reshape-it-better"}
Face Yogi's Night Routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face Yogi's night routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep from Cleansing to Facial Meditation Like this. So you can use clean tissue. Reprogram the face Muscles. My brain remembers to close it.[inaudible]Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to do my latest night routine. The first step at night is I try, I don't always do this, but I tried to go to bed by9:00 PM, which is so horrible because my recent addiction is Tik Tok and it's so hard to not to be exposed to blue light but, I try to avoid it, I try to relax more. So if I have a goal to go to bed at 9:00 PM, it kind of forces me to yeah. Get things done earlier. I mean, I don't necessarily successful, but I try to go to bed at 9:00 PM. Next, cleanse my face. So a little bit some push and then I try not to cause any friction. So don't do like this rubbing thing is not good. So don't do that. Instead, get the facewash then just gentlyWash.I do this like, uh, I think 15 of 20, 20 splash.And then my favorite one is this one tissue. So I don't use a towel. I use a tissue to cleanse, not cleanse dry the face like this, like this. So you can use clean tissue every time you dry. Then I use sugar oil, one, two, three pumps, or something like that. And the first thing is a hand because the hand needs moisturizing too, and then just gently apply all over the face. And sometimes I do like this bulldog, anti-bulldog exercise, like this, and sometimes I make O you have to, when you do this stretching motion, you want to do only one second or two seconds maximum. You don't want to do too long because you don't want to stretch the philtrum here. So be careful about that, but it's good to stretch the eye area. Cause you wanna, you wanna stretch the skin when you apply the body lotion or face cream so that it penetrates deeper, right?So you want to stretch it. Um, but just one second, or two seconds maximum. And then, um, I like doing this shiatsu massage when I teach, I, I say like this and then one, two, three, four, five, one, two, three, four, five, but I'm so used to it and it's so fast. So I don't cause wrinkles. So I just like this quick one. Um, then sometimes I do, uh, eye what's the word uh crow's feet one, two, three, four, five one two, three, four, five. And depending on your condition, you might do more others like other massage or shiatsu or some things. But for now, as of now, I do just that. And then I have a, I actually don't like over-moisturizing because over-moisturizing, AKA, we call it facial obesity, face obesity. So, um, the skin will be staying. So when the skin has too much moisturizing thing going on the skin misunderstands that it has good moisture.So it does not produce enough moisture and oils. So that's not good. So I like, um, I think minimum amount and then tissue off again, just, just simply a gently just a little bit off so that it's not over moisturizing so that the skins still grow enough moisture and oils. Then come to bed. And in fact, I actually sleep naked. I don't wear anything because this has been in my, my habit of the past. Uh, I don't know, 10, 15 years, long time, maybe 10 years long time. I just don't like something tight on my skin. I don't, I feel more comfortable when I'm not wearing anything. So if it's not too freezing outside, I will not, I don't wear anything and just sleep here. And then of course, um, you want to drink something before you falling sleep because you don't want to be dehydrated.So if you don't have good enough urine, when you wake up and go to the restroom, and if you don't have enough, that that means you, you didn't drink enough. So please careful. And then my pillow, you guys know my pillow. I it's a back sleeping support pillow that I always talk about. And when I, yeah, my head, my thing, not finger, my hair is if it's like this, it's kind of easy to do the side sleeping. Cause there are some objects in my hair. So I intentionally put it up like this so that, um, it's like this, my hair is here. So its easier to do back sleeping. And then I wear tape. I don't do every day because the more I do it, it's easier for me to close my mouth. So this is for mouth closure to close my mouth when I'm sleeping. I use, I used to use more longer like this and then all over here. But now I use only maybe this amount very, very tiny. And then instead of a horizontal, I do like this.So that's, that's my mouth closure habit. It helps to reprogram the face muscles. My brain remembers to close it. So sometimes I forgot to wear this or I am too tired to do this and I don't do it, but it's closed. So that it's recommended. Um, what else? Another thing could be, um, face meditation. I recently did the face meditation video. So if you haven't checked out, please do it cause its really good to relax the facial muscle. The red one overworking muscle needs to be relaxed when you sleep. Otherwise, you might have lots of tension and when you're sleeping and it's impossible to, to reduce tension in-intentionally reduce tension when you're sleeping, because you're unconscious, but you can consciously reduce tension right before you sleep, which is very important. So, um, that's highly recommended. And yeah, some of my, some of my clients, they add some tape on that.I think one and one. So like a crossing two, I think. And they said it really works to reduce the tension because for uhm when, when there's the face, uh, the finger or something has touched on the skin, somehow it relaxes the facial muscles, or sometimes it wakes up the sleeping muscle, but this is overworking muscle. Usually, it's overworking in, in, in. So by touching it, it kind of, um, realize that, Oh, I should be relaxed. And then it, yeah, it helps to relax the muscles here. So I think that's it. But as you can see, I don't do much exercise at night for the face at night. Not I don't do that because I believe you, we should do some exercises a little by little throughout a day. Instead of everything at once, that will be doing a little by little slice up is more effective because we wanna reset our face.We wanna lift up our face against gravity. We wanna reset from a bad facial posture bad facial expression those kinds of things. That's why it's better to do little by little throughout the day. So when I do something, when I do skincare, but otherwise I don't do them so much. As always, if you want to know other exercises, face yoga exercise, please visit my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download the yoga paper. And the app is available. AI Koko is available for education. If you cannot, if the robot can not answer, I will answer. So please try it because we're trying to more, add more questions and answer.And what else the app is, the app has some new updates. So every timeyou show lower teeth, it's going to catch you. It's going to show an alert, it's a more accurate function, which we are proud of. So please try that.It's free, free to download and you can try this lower eyelid no, lower teeth function there. Um, what else prime is available there? Prime Video, Face Yoga 101.And I think that's it.If this becomes popular I will try the morning routine, but we'll see. Thank you so much see you in the next video. Bye.And goodnight. Guest UserSeptember 1, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Fix Asymmetrical Eyes By Fixing The Habits Guest UserSeptember 3, 2020 Next 3 Face Yoga Exercises & Tips for Nose Slimming | Make your nose a bit Smaller & Reshape It Better Guest UserAugust 26, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yogi's Night Routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/31/face-yogis-night-routine-10-steps-before-falling-asleep-from-cleansing-to-facial-meditation"}
Face Meditation | Face Yoga - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face meditation | Reduce unnecessary tension, wrinkles and stress from the face, for face posture Welcome to face meditation. Please keep watching the screen until I say close your eyes. There are 2 kinds of facial muscles in your face. The red are overworking muscles and the blue are sleeping muscles. In this face meditation, we are going to relax the overworking muscles to reduce unnecessary wrinkles, sagging and stress. For breathing, I recommend eye breathing. The left is traditional nose breathing. The right is eye breathing. As you can see, your nasal cavity is a big empty space that can hold a lot of oxygen, so when you breathe in from the nose, try to inhale all the way through towards the back of the eyes, then come out from the nose. So by fully breathing into the nasal cavity, you receive more oxygen than regular nose breathing. Now close your eyes, and let's continue the eye breathing.Take a deep breath from the nose through the eyes, and out from the nose. In, out, in, out, this is your normal breathing.Then let’s reset your body and face posture.Position your head over your butt. Open your chest. Shoulders down. Keeping good body posture is the first step for good face posture.Next, Tongue postureKeep your tongue up on the palate fully. ⅓ of the back of the tongue should be gently pressing up on the palate. This is very important to lift up your heavy skull to prevent sagging. Chin. Slightly tuck in your chin, so it’s easier to keep good tongue posture.Mouth’s cornersSlightly lift up the corners of the mouth. You should not be smiling big, but the corners of the mouth should align straight horizontally or keep a very very tiny smile all the time.Inside the mouth, upper teeth and lower teeth should NOT be touching each other. Keep a very tiny gap between them at all times.This is your face posture during the meditation.Now let’s relax the overworking muscles one by one.Forehead. Forehead muscles are often moving up, up, and up. So gently stroke your forehead with your fingers from top-down, not bottom-up but top-down. 1, 2, 3Eyebrows. Eyebrow muscles are often moving inward, which creates 11th lines. So with your fingers, gently smooth out the lines between the eyebrows to the outside. 1, 2, 3.(advanced )Eyes. Inhale from the nose through and behind the eye socket, and out from the nose. Keep doing the Eye breathing. (advanced: push back/out to relax, move eyeballs inside out) Nose. Keep doing the eye breathing, so inhale from the nose through and behind the back of the eyes and come out from the nose. (advanced: stroke nose down)Cheeks. Cheeks are sleeping muscles that need to be woken up, so create some good tension there by sucking the tongue up on the palate and lifting corners of the mouth slightly up. Keep this good tension in the cheeks at all times.Lips. Relax the lips, but keep a slight lift up of the mouth corners. Imagine that only the upper lip is doing the job. Your lower lip does not exist.Chin. Relax the chin. Your tongue is fully sucked up on the palate and keeps the mouth’s corners slightly up, so forget the chin. Your chin doesn’t exist.Now slowly open your eyes. Try to keep good face posture when your face is resting. Positive face posture equals positive mind posture. Guest UserAugust 12, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Relax 11th Muscles Between Eyebrows Especially While Sleeping Reduce Tension from the Face Guest UserAugust 15, 2020 Next Face exercise devices that I don't like | Don't overwork the overworking muscles Guest UserAugust 9, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Meditation | Face Yoga - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/10/face-meditation-reduce-unnecessary-tension-wrinkles-and-stress-from-the-face-for-face-posture"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Reduce Eye Wrinkles | How to Apply Cream more Guest UserDecember 27, 2020 Mewing 101 Guest UserDecember 24, 2020 5 Tips to reduce TMJ Pain Guest UserDecember 21, 2020 Aging is a Disease Guest UserDecember 18, 2020 What does asymmetrical mewing mean Guest UserDecember 15, 2020 Why your Right is sagging Guest UserDecember 12, 2020 5 Types of Pores Guest UserDecember 9, 2020 Lift up Cheeks Guest UserDecember 6, 2020 3 Types of Facial Wrinkles Guest UserDecember 3, 2020 5 facial Muscle Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 30, 2020 5 Facial Bone Benefits from Mewing Guest UserNovember 27, 2020 Shorten Philtrum by Activating Philtrum Exercise Guest UserNovember 24, 2020 Eliminate 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows Guest UserNovember 18, 2020 My Eye Color changed! Guest UserNovember 15, 2020 Choose Side Sleeping Pillow for Side Sleeping Guest UserNovember 12, 2020 3 Tips That I Think Worked Well To Improving My Speaking Habit Guest UserNovember 6, 2020 3 Face Yoga Exercises To Eliminate Nasolabial Laugh Lines Guest UserNovember 3, 2020 What You Get From Nose Breathing VS Mouth Breathing Guest UserOctober 30, 2020 How to Fix Droppy Nose Guest UserOctober 27, 2020 Why Your Lower Lip Should NOT Be Bigger Than Upper Lip Guest UserOctober 24, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1603285200526&reversePaginate=true"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! 5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Warnings about Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 7, 2020 Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical for Symmetrical Face | How to Exam How Asymmetrical You Are & Fix Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Why Eyebag (incl Malar Festoon bags) Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles to Lift Up the Skin Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Anti-Jowl Exercise l Reduce Cellulite in the Jowl So Unnecessary Fat is Reduced Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Fix asymmetrical tongue posture and tongue movement while eating | Improve symmetry in the face Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 How to Blink Properly for Reducing Dry Eyes and Eye Wrinkles Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to Make Upper Lip Fuller and Lower Lip Thinner | Easy Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to move Facial Muscles Properly for Speaking | Look beautiful and good for Anti-Aging Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Eliminate Double Chin & Saggy Neck with Face Yoga | Easy face exercises for Sharper Neck & Jawline Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 5 Tips to Smile for Anti-Aging | Smile not just beautifully, but also for Wrinkle Reduction Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 5 Japanese tips to stay slim | KOSO Pre/Probiotic, 80% full, vegetables first, eat slow and NEAT risk singhJuly 31, 2020 3 Tips to Train Back Sleeping, the Best Sleeping Style for Anti-aging risk singhJuly 31, 2020 5 reasons why you should try back sleeping for antiaging, over side or stomach sleeping Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to Yawn Properly for Reducing Tension in the Chin and Lifting Up the Skin Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Eye breathing | The best method to receive more oxygen for improving focus and overall health Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to eat | Move facial muscles properly for reducing tension in the chin and lifting up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to drink by moving facial muscles correctly | Reduce chin tension and lift up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Hair growth scalp massage aka Japanese dry headspa with Sayuri, En Headspa, Beverly Hills Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Create cat eyes | Canthal tilt up with face yoga exercise Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Lift up Cheek Bones (not cheek muscles, but cheek bones) DIRECTLY from Inside of the Mouth risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1596988125122"}
5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Warnings about Face Yoga Stretching the philtrum. Sometimes I see from other people, is that like holding it. And when I came back using here worsens...[inaudible]Hi Everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about five warnings about face yoga in general. Number one,stretching smaller muscles. In general I believe stretching, stretching, and training, stretching, training.This is a good repetition for elastic skin, AKA elastic muscle. So that's great to do that, but only for bigger muscles, like a neck or jawline, those are bigger, like body areas. So it's, it's okay. I mean, you keep doing it and then it comes back to, um, it becomes more elastic muscle. So like, I, this is good, but sometimes I see other people doing some stretching, the philtrum. I don't like it because this is a smaller muscle. And once you stretch it, it's too small. And then it's too. Yeah, it's just too small that doesn't come back. Doesn't become more elastic. The more you stretch it, the more become longer. And then you know that the philtrum becomes longer with age and that makes you look older.And so I I'm so not anti-stretching the philtrum or other areas in general, but I've seen some people doing some stretching philtrum exercise for the face. And I, I wanted to warn you guys don't do it. I don't believe that it comes back to more elastic skin because it just stretches stretches stretches. It's like a band. It's the rubber band. It's a stretch stretch, and then break it. So it don't, I don't believe it comes,become the more elastic skin if you stretch it here. So I don't like it. I still do sometimes to stretch here a nd stretch this skin and apply eye cream. So that's my favorite but, I do only one second or two seconds maximum. Don't do more than two seconds. It should be very, very quick. Another exercise that sometimes I see from other people is like, I mean, it's good if the air is up to, to, um, below the muscle what's the, I'm sorry, the nasolabial line from inside out, but see I'm trying to do more upper because you don't want to stretch here.If you stretch here, the stretched skin shows as jowl, which is not my favorite. And once you get the jowl, it's so hard to fix it. So I'm very, very scared of a job. So, if you want to do, you could do only upper,but not try not to go below this line. Cause you can, you don't want to stretch here. Number two,wrinkles, some exercise, like for example, lower eyelid up, up, up, up, up. I don't really cause much wrinkle here, but for some people, cause everyone's face is different. So you need to watch your face in front of a mirror. And when you do it, for example, lower eyelid lift up, up, up and causing a little, a lot of wrinkles, you need to, you need to, you need to stop it like this. And then don't try to do the big movement because the lower eyelid lift up is supposed to be tiny micro movement. You don't need to do as big enough to create wrinkles and cheek squat as well. [inaudible] Because it's cheek squat it's a cheek about face exercise, you want to really target only that targeted muscle. Only the specific muscle that we are training, which is the cheek. Instead, if you are doing cheek squat, you don't want to do wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle. You want to relax everything else. And if you have to, if you cannot stop wrinkles, use your finger to prevent that like this or like this, or prevent the wrinkles with fingers. That bulldog exercise anti-bulldog like this, this cause wrinkle here. So if your concerned, you can use finger to prevent it. But in general, this wrinkle is not going to stay because it'snot coming from facial expression. I mean this one, this one this one this one come stay because it comes from facial expression habit that you might be always doing or this one. Usually it's not going to stay. This comes the verti... a vertical line is gonna to happen when you are 80 years old or 90 or older.So you don't have to too much worried about it right now because you do both sides. So it's not going to stay. I'm not too worried about it. But if you're worried about you can use finger to prevent it.Number three, jaw dropping, Aw, like this, some exercise I've seen asking you to do drop jaw too much. The in general, the more, the less you move your chin, the better, because this is overworking muscle. The redone is overworking muscle. You don't want to really overwork the overworking muscle. This is always pulling out, pulling it down. So everything is being pulled down, down, down, which is not good. So you don't want to use it. You want to think that this is dead does not exist. So, but if you keep doing that, ah,ah, ah, ah, especially if you have TMJ pain and you might drop your jaw and click, clicking sound that's really not good.So please be careful. Don't do it. Or, um, I mean, I have some exercise dropping jaw a little bit slowly for asymmetrical check, but I, I ask you not to drop too much and do slowly. And limit the time that you do,don't overdo. Number four, neck pain. If you have neck pain, don't ever never do neck exercise because you don't want to worsen the situation. Onetime I did this, like two minutes or three minutes or something like, like, like this, holding it. And when I came back up, it was like, Oh my gosh, it was so much pain and I never forget, but it's my fault. I overdid it. But that I was following a, one of the YouTube videos about some kind of exercise. And that person was saying three minutes. So I was following it, but it didn't work for me.So please, um careful you can watch anybody's tutorials including me. Um, but uh, you are the person who knows your condition the most. So trust yourself. Last one, overworking muscle. So some exercise I see sometimes do like a brows are up up, and up, uh, up, um, in general this is overworking muscle. It's already overworking up up up up so you, I don't believe you need to work out anymore because this, I think this may be because, uh, people concerned about the saggy, saggy brow so you want to lift up the eye brow. I understand that, but if you keep doing, up, up, up, up and you might think it's gonna lift up your brows, but instead the forehead becomes. Oh by the way, I burned my forehead with a hair curler.So please be careful. Anyway, if you're doing up, up, up, up this muscle become constricted, stiff, stiff,and then because if the forehead is so stiff, everything is going to be stiff because this is like a umbrella or it's like, this is a top and everything is all the face is attached to the forehead. If the, so that if the forehead condition is so stiff, everything is gonna be stiff and it's, it's really not good. More asymmetrical face more wrinkle kind of thing happens.So, yeah, I mean, I don't believe that you should do lift up your eyebrows by doing some exercise. I don't think so. And the other one is, uh, like sometimes I see like this, this is over working muscle, the red one.You really don't want to overwork. You might want to work the neck because this is sleeping, but using here worsens. So I don't really understand. So those are fine warnings that I would like you to be aware of when you do face exercises and it's up to you, who you believe, which exercise you're gonna do. But,um, that's my opinion. Other people might have different opinion because everyone is different, but that's okay.Um, anyway, check my website. If you haven't got this free yoga paper, please do so free download. And the book and sugar oil, app our app added, was added 10 more or like a 12, 13 more new exercises. So it's about like this, one, like everything's almost all of this is in the app, so please check it out. And AI Koko is waiting for your questions. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. So please check it out.Come to say, say hi to my AI Koko on kokofaceyoga.com. Thank you so much. See you in the next video.Bye Guest UserAugust 7, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face exercise devices that I don't like | Don't overwork the overworking muscles Guest UserAugust 9, 2020 Next Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical for Symmetrical Face | How to Exam How Asymmetrical You Are & Fix Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/4/5-face-yoga-exercises-that-i-dont-like-warnings-about-face-yoga-"}
How To Blink Properly For Reducing Dry Eyes | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Blink Properly for Reducing Dry Eyes and Eye Wrinkles You might be doing only eighty 80% blink and then blink outside. How many blinks you should be doing for one minute? [inaudible]Hi everyone, today I'm going to talk about how to blink properly for wrinkle and dryness reduction eye area. I know this is a very weird topic, kind of, and I didn't really think about this, but someone said, I even don't know how to blink because I talk about how to eat, how to speak. There are many things. Anyway, there are three tips, three tips to blink, not to do, and to do. Number one, blink fully. Lots of people, including myself in front of computer blue light all the time, phone or a computer and very much fatigue there. So much fatigue is going on in the eye area. Then when, when you blink, you are supposed to blink fully, fully like fully, but you might not be doing, you might be doing only 80%, which means like this. So it's not fully closed. It's a little bit closed off 80% closed that see, there's a gap. So it's not fully closed that worsens dryness. So when the eyes are so dry and you might be doing lots of, lots of, lots of rubbing, because the eyes are dry and that's not good because the more you cause friction, the more tiny wrinkle you get. Remember the eye area of skin is the thinnest in the all the body skin. So you should never, never, never, ever really hard rubbing. In order to stop rubbing. The solution is blinked fully then moisturize. So when you next time blink, which probably now you're blinking. Try to do a little bit slowly, not like, and causing wrinkles, wrinkles. That's, that's going to worsen the more wrinkle. So don't do that. But just gently like a, like a, like this, hope you get it. Number two don't and then squint too much. As I said, as, in the previous one, you, if you do, and then cause a wrinkle wrinkle wrinkle, especially, the inner one, one inner one, this is a little bit tiny overworking muscle in, in, in, in in. So when you blink if possible, not here, but try to close outer because outer is a weaker muscle. So you want to close outer by doing so, um, you can reduce the tension in that inner corner. Cause inner corner has lots of tiny, tiny wrinkles because of a we blink. Hm, Hm, Hm. Hm. And then in, in, in lots of, lots of inner muscle tension is happening here. We want to reduce from inside out. So when you blink, blink, and then outside blink. I know it's hard to understand and it's hard to explain too, but just think about the outer. Um, you close the outer eye corners. Number three, how many blinks should you, should we be doing per one minute? Do you know the answer? The answer is 15 times. This is not my opinion, but some other specialist discovered that if you blinking too many times when you're talking to someone and then if you look like a nervous or lying or something suspicious, it doesn't give you a good impression. So ideally you should be blinking around 15 times. And I had a test with my smile trainer in Japan, on Zoom. And when I was talking, she was counting how many blinks I do. And it was like 21 or something like that. And so it's a little bit over 15. So I need to be careful about this. But if you have a chance to talk in front of many people or public speaking, or you just want to have good, you just want to give a good impression to listeners. Other people, don't. Lots of people tend to over blink, not over blink, but blink too many times. So just think about a slow, gentle, slow, blink, and moisturize, moisturize the eyes fully so that you do not have to blink too many times. So three points to blink. Number one, blink fully, not 80% but fully, gently. Number two, do not squint too much and cause wrinkles. So move the tension from inside out, but fully close. Number three, how many times to blink per minute? 15. Lots of people tend to do too many times. So try to relax and try to reduce the number of blinks. As always, if you haven't got these yoga papers, please do so free download on our website kokofaceyoga.com, the book is available, sugar is available and the app is available. And if you have any problem with the app, please, please, please do email us [email protected] because we need to fix it, fix the problem so that you can enjoy it. And also AI Koko is available. So if you have any questions, please ask the robot and then if the robot can not answer, I will answer. So stay tuned. See you in the next video. Bye Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Fix asymmetrical tongue posture and tongue movement while eating | Improve symmetry in the face Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Next How to Make Upper Lip Fuller and Lower Lip Thinner | Easy Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Blink Properly For Reducing Dry Eyes | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/how-to-blink-properly-for-reducing-dry-eyes-and-eye-wrinkles"}
Anti-Jowl Exercise | Face Exercise - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Anti-Jowl Exercise l Reduce Cellulite in the Jowl So Unnecessary Fat is Reduced I wish I had known this for 20 years ago. Seriously. No one told me at that time.[inaudible]Hi Everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about the new exercise for jowl. Unfortunately, jowl is one of the most difficult concerns to fix by face yoga, but I learned some new exercise to try and I'm still doing it and has doing experimenting. But, um, so I haven't seen big results yet, but I have a good feeling about it. So let's try it.First of all, why this jowl appears, I mean, with age, everything kind of start sagging, big cheek muscles start sagging cheekbone meltdown. And when this has happened, like this, like this happens, that's one thing. And another thing is that this jowl area has unnecessary fat. So that is what we gonna vacuum today. This is similar to this to cellulite vacuum. So this is solid vacuum, which is before chubby face. If you want to have slimmer face in 10 seconds, this is a good one for more bigger area, but we could try this same vacuum, cellulite vacuum. That's not cellulite, but it is cellulite, but not cheek by jowl area. It's like this first relax. So, and then[inaudible],So big one is... This is a big, good for big cheek area. If you want to have a slimmer cheeks and the one I'm doing right now is here. So[inaudible]So basically I'm not doing, you don't want to stretch philtrum, right? Cause you don't want to longer.You don't want to have a longer field philtrum. So don't do the both lips. Only the lower lip is in, And I'm causing a wrinkle, but I'm not too worried about it because this is not going to stay. It's only 10 seconds. And unless you are very, very mature person and who is concerned about this one, it's okay. If you are concerned about it, use the finger to prevent it.[inaudible]Prevent the line. Basically by vacuuming the cellulite on the jowl area, we will try to reduce that fat. So this pouch will be reduced. So let's everyone together.Um, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm. Hmm.You should feel tired. Otherwise it's not effective. Let me show you and then zoom. So let's do it again.[inaudible]I'm still experimenting this method. So I haven't seen bigger result yet, but um, I will keep you guys updated and I hope you try it. Let me know how things go. Also, in addition to the exercise, more importantly, your mouth should not be opened when your face is resting. Good face posture 101 close your mouth because you were supposed to be nose breathing. And then, uh, corners of the mouth is just a little bit up all the time. That's a key to stop, reduce the jowl. Very very important because if the mouth is open, I'm exaggerating.Stretching the skin,Stretching too much long time. If it's open all the time. And then when the stretch skin is mouth is closed, it shows as jowl. I wish I had known this for 20 years ago. Seriously. No one taught me at the time, but this is very important because I thought it's okay to keep my mouth open because I'm doing nose breathing anyway. I'm not mouth breathing. So I thought it's okay. It's not okay because you're going to get stretched skin. I wish I had known 20 years ago. If you haven't downloaded this yoga paper,please do so. It's free download on our website, kokofaceyoga.com and also this book and the sugar oil available, app is available. If you have any trouble with that, please feel free to email us. I mean, no, feel free, but please do email us so that we can fix it. We know how to fix it. If you tell us and also AI Koko is available. So if you have any face related questions, or any questions, please ask the robot. And if the robot cannot answer, I will answer. So stay tuned. Thank you so much in the next video. Bye Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why Eyebag (incl Malar Festoon bags) Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles to Lift Up the Skin Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Next Fix asymmetrical tongue posture and tongue movement while eating | Improve symmetry in the face Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Anti-Jowl Exercise | Face Exercise - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/3/anti-jowl-exercise-l-reduce-cellulite-in-the-jowl-so-unnecessary-fat-is-reduced"}
Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical For Symmetrical Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical for Symmetrical Face | How to Exam How Asymmetrical You Are & Fix Fully touch on the face line, like here and then do the eating slowly.[inaudible]Hi Everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to fix asymmetrical way of eating to more symmetrical,because I believe one of the most common factors causes to make our face more asymmetrical is asymmetrical way of moving our facial muscles in asymmetrical way every time you eat because everyone a lot, not everyone, but a lot of people eat something every single day, right? And if you'reusing the muscles properly and then in asymmetrical way, of course you're going to get asymmetrical face. So I think this is very, very important. If you are concerned about asymmetrical face, keep watching. I hope you have watched my other video about how to eat properly. I'm assuming you have done that. I'm going to move on. If you haven't watched that, please do, because it's very important.When you eat, get the item and then distribute 50%, 50% on the both sides.That's one thing. And then inside the mouth on the palate, the tongue it's not like in the middle, of course you have a, the texture of the food, the amount of the food, lots of things changes. So it moves around, but basically it should move around in the middle of the palate.The new exercise I would like to try with you. So if you have something to eat, please do get to something small, like nuts or something and then eat. Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm.Hmm.Then use your hand. I mean, wash your hands first and then fully touch on the face line, like here and then do the eating slowly. And I see that, not see them, but, feel the movement on the jaw bones.And then you can real, really tell which one is more working hard and which one is more less working hard. So the point is you find out how asymmetrical, asymmetrically your face facial muscles are moving especially this jaw bones and then do slowly try to make it as symmetrical as possible. That's that's the point. So let's try again. [inaudible], back of the teeth and then my tongue but use your fingers hand fully them slowly. Mmm Mmm. I feel like that I might be using more on this side. So now I know now I know, so I can try to fix it. Hmm Hmm. Hmm.Ah, yeah. I have a tendency to use more this here. No, no no not good, but if you don't know what to fix,you cannot fix anything. But now you know which one is more overworking, which one is the less working. So you can try to chew more, not chew, but the chew chew more as symmetrical as possible.For example, in my case, even though my tongue is always, I'm very conscious about it, always in the middle of the palate, but I feel more here. This one, this guy's a moving. So if I put a little bit tension on this side, it become more symmetrical.And other things you can do is not, this one is not eating, but just same thing with your fingers, hand fully on your side of the face and then slowly drop jaw. Is it asymmetrically moving or symmetrically moving? Mm. So do slowly. And you don't, you don't want to drop too much because the less you move your chin the better. So this is just for that, for the practice. So you don't do this in a regular life life, but,um, try this slowly, slowly drop your jaw and then feel the movement of this bone, then try to make it asymmetrically moving down as possible.If you haven't got this free yoga paper, please do so free download on our website kokofaceyoga.com and a book and the sugar oil, app is available. We actually added a lot, bunch of new. Most of the exercises are in the app. So, um, please try it if you haven't tried it. And uh, what else? AI Koko Is still available. So please ask any questions to the robot. And if the robot cannot answer, I will answer. Thank you so much. See you in the next video, bye. Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Warnings about Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 7, 2020 Next Why Eyebag (incl Malar Festoon bags) Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles to Lift Up the Skin Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical For Symmetrical Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/3/make-your-eating-habit-symmetrical-for-symmetrical-face-how-to-exam-how-asymmetrical-you-are-amp-fix"}
Improve Symmetry In The Face - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Fix asymmetrical tongue posture and tongue movement while eating | Improve symmetry in the face Can move around when you to to to to time should be up down up down up down[Music]Hi Everyone today I'm going to talk about asymmetrical time and how to fix it but first of all what is asymmetrical tongue so when you stick your top and this is not ready I don't think it's that asymmetrical it's just a time by the way I have long time you can make sure your time longer by doing some time training because time is another big muscle which can be allowed between anyway so two things I'm gonna talk about resting time posture and time movement when you chew when you eat something if you are concerned about the asymmetrical pace please keep watching when your face is resting you know that time should be taxed to the palate right not like this not like this because there's a gap not like that but the sucking up we know that right if you don't know what it is take my video just tap search tank posture on our YouTube channel you find it it's a very very very important basic skill. I mean knowledge so but then I know that my time cuz I'm aware of it I know my time is exciting up to the palate that's good that's a first check but then I realize my this side I'm sucking more on if instead of it the tongue is in the middle it was a little bit to this sorry for it but you are exaggerated now then I realize I have more tension on this and then you get more eccentric okay so let's take it our face first relax your faith and then close your mouth just simply don't think about it anything just simply close them out and then make sure that time is up on the palate and then which high which side has more things on which side is more sucking up I realized my this side is more sucking up than the other side if we stuck it up on the middle that's great you probably have more asymmetrical symmetrical face so that's great but if you have a symmetrical face you might your tan amazing is metrically proposition which means on this side a little bit more or a little bit this side if I exaggerate did you find a website has more tension or cycling horse tank course and then that's great that's the first step from now we can fix it if you know which side and then try to bring that time more to the center not here not here but to the center as much as possible and as alone as possible that's one thing the other thing I noticed is that how your tongue is moving when you eat it when you're chewing it so this is so hard to explain in without showing my mouth but so get that stuff food and then chew chew chew chew and then bring to the both side equal amount similar amount to the both right back up of the case and then I mean if you don't know what my list up chewing system or the exercising it. Please six other videos because that's another important thing to build more muscle in the cheek area but I'm talking about timed movement when YouTube I don't think so many people are not so many people are talking about it because it's like so very very specific but I realize it's very very important because when I chew when when when you chew tan is like up down up down up down up down up down up down this is a correct tongue movement trying to move around around around because the size of the food is different the textures different every time you at it it varies right so time to move around when you to to to to fight fight fight fight fight fight but it's normal but ideally I learned that the time should be up down up down up down up down and then I realize that my this side is using more so in other words it's it's more like up down up down up down up them instead of the middle not like this this is ideal for my was more to the right side up down up down up them it was more like a making circle to to this side this side this side this side not this side so ideally should be like like this up and up down up down in the middle that's the idea but I was doing more this like this this motion not yes so now I know that my room for improvement so now I can fix it so when you eat something if you have something to eat please try it and then see which side is being used which which palette which palette size side side is being being touched by your tongue the one you are using more is dominant side and you are using more side and then you get one asymmetrical face so ideally when your time is biting up turn up turn up come in the middle up turn up the knob this not this but in in the mirror make sense I have so many checklists to fix your asymmetrical face and body so if you haven't watched my tendon bad habits to cause a symmetrical face please check the video also as well but also if you want to be more advanced if you know people really really want to have the asymmetrical face please be be mindful about resting time position and fighting over time movement if you enters in other exercises please check my website Coco face yoga calm to redownload this Yoga paper book and sugar oil and after some elbows wall with AI so please stay tuned thank you so much till the next video bye Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Anti-Jowl Exercise l Reduce Cellulite in the Jowl So Unnecessary Fat is Reduced Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Next How to Blink Properly for Reducing Dry Eyes and Eye Wrinkles Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Improve Symmetry In The Face - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/fix-asymmetrical-tongue-posture-and-tongue-movement-while-eating-improve-symmetry-in-the-face"}
Why Eyebag Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles To Lift Up The Skin Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why Eyebag (incl Malar Festoon bags) Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles to Lift Up the Skin The muscle, eye muscle here, starts sagging. One, two, three fat start dropping and show as eye bag.[inaudible]Hi Everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent eye bag especially bigger one, like malar bags. First, let me explain why that happens. First, this is your eyeball, eyeball right? And around the eyeballs to protect this. There's a fat around in the eye socket, around the eyeball, but with the age and gravity, this eye the fat start dropping and show as eye bag. And also the eye socket become bigger with facial osteoporosis and all the muscle eye muscle here start sagging. So to prevent this unnecessary fat, we have a lower eyelid lift up or AKA lower eyelid squat exercise. If you haven't watched that, please do so because that's important, but today's one is different. It's going to be more bigger muscle. This lower eyelid is this little aegyo sal area, right? And this today's exercise will be bigger muscle, especially outer one here.Try to close. But when you close, not just regular closing, but try to lift up the lower eyelid and forget about the upper eyelid. Even though upper eyelid moves, try to really lift up the lower eyelid only especially this outer one. So let's try index finger in that inner corners here. And then a little bit lift up and the outside thumb is a little bit lift up as well. Like this, but no wrinkle like no, no, no, no wrinkle wrinkle. No, no, this is bad. Don't wrinkle. And you don't want to do like this. And it's causing more wrinkle here and the eye skin is very thin. So you don't want to stretch too much so minimum, but if you stretch more, you get more resistance. So it's a good training. So just a little bit up but, no, this is too much. This is too much causing a wrinkle here, right?Yeah. Don't no wrinkle. Be careful, no wrinkle and a little bit up in a little bit up. And then my case, I have a tendency to cause wrinkle to in, in, in. So a little bit out a little bit and then lower eyelid lift up one, two, three, four, five, and relax again. One, two, three, four, five, relax, three more stretch. And then one, two, three, four, five. Are you feeling the outer lower, this area, please, this is the most important thing. And then two more stretch out then squint, but no wrinkle. One, two, three, four, five,almost close your eyes, but don't completely close. And then last one, I'm tired. Shoulder down, not like this. You don't want to, you don't want to have any other tension. Then, one, two, three, four, five.Basically the most important thing is you really try to lift up here. Here, here, no, here, no here but here outer one.I'm a not big fan of stretching the skin except here and here. So what about here? You're stretching. Yes.That's why there's a limit only like five seconds and then relax in the five seconds. Relax, five seconds,each time and then five times. So five seconds, uh, each time and five times per day only. Do not do more than that because you don't want to stretch the thin skin. Again, the most important thing is here and here. Outer one. This is the one we are trying to lift up.So when you, when you squint, when you lift up your lower eyelid here, especially here, um, try to don't don't think about anything about the upper eye lid, because upper, I mean, eyelid moves and both moves, but you don't have to do anything about this. You have to do something about this, but not this, even though both moves.So it's not regular squinting, but really lifting up the outer, lower eyelid area even and it's not really eye lid, um, outside of eye this one. If you haven't got this yoga paper yet, please free download on our website, kokofaceyoga.com and the book is available. Sugar is, sugar oil is available, not just regular sugar. The sugar oil for the skin is available, App is available, and the AI Koko is available. So if you have any questions, please ask the robot. If, because if the robot cannot answer, I will answer. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical for Symmetrical Face | How to Exam How Asymmetrical You Are & Fix Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Next Anti-Jowl Exercise l Reduce Cellulite in the Jowl So Unnecessary Fat is Reduced Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why Eyebag Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles To Lift Up The Skin", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/8/3/why-eyebag-incl-malar-festoon-bags-occurs-wake-up-sleeping-muscles-to-lift-up-the-skin"}
Easy Face Yoga Exercises - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Make Upper Lip Fuller and Lower Lip Thinner | Easy Face Yoga Exercises Possible to increase muscle muscle mass. Lip is sticking out. Everything is sticking up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.Hi Everyone, today I'm going to talk about how to make our lips fuller and thinner in other words, make the upper lip fuller and lower lip thinner. If you want it. The reason why I say this is with age, the in general, both lip become thinner, right? So we want to have a fuller lip to make ourselves look younger and fresher. Yes. That's one thing. But if you have very full, very full, lower lip people pay attention to something bigger. So if you have big stuff here, people are, people pay attention to lower face, which makes you look longer face, which makes you look older. That's why it's better to have fuller lips only on the upper lip first. And also I saw some comments on YouTube that people want to have a thinner lip. I don't recommend to have a thinner lip on the upper one because lip upper lip should be fuller. But if you're concerned about the fuller lower lip, I have some ideas. So keep watching. Anyway. The first one is an upper lip to make upper lip fuller. First, relax, Cheek vibration, as you may know, or not, this is a good warming warmup. Yeah. We don't want to have unnecessary tension before this exercise. So just do this and then simply upper lip and lower lip touching, touching as much as, as hard as possible, pressing each other. But when you do it, if you don really think about just [inaudible] tiny smile, and if it's hard to do it, use your finger to lift up. Hmm. And then imagine that your lower lip does not exist. You're just doing this press thing only upper lip, even though both are moving both are pressing each other. Just think about the upper lip only. Then keep this 10 seconds. So let's do it. And then a tiny smile. If you can, you are not driving and you can use your finger was your hand first and then Hmm. Hmm, Hmm, Hmm. Hmm. Lactic acid is accumulated a lot here. So you need to release it by. Then you might think what about some wrinkles if when you do, um, cause the many wrinkles that happen to many people. So if that's the case, instead of using it to prevent, prevent the line, then again, think about only upper lip. Forget about the lower lip, the only upper lip is really pressing. It's hard. So let's do it again. And also another warning inside the mouth, upper teeth, lower teeth are touching or not, should not be touching, should not be touching. If it's touching, it creates some tension, which is not good, not good so that causes TMJ to pain or unnecessary tension. I want you to have tension only here. Not anywhere else inside the mouth, even inside the mouth, upper lip, upper teeth, lower teeth, should not be touching. It's very, very, very, very, very tiny, tiny, tiny gap in between. So let's do it again. This time. I'm going to use a finger to prevent wrinkles. This is recommended. If you're, if you have a concern about this one personally, I don't, I don't. Um, so I use to like this, but it's up to you. So let's do 10 seconds. Hmm, Hmm, Hmm. Hmm. It is not possible to increase the fat or skin, but it's possible to increase muscle mass. That's what we are doing. Next, let's work on the lower lip. So to be honest, it’s impossible. I don't know any way to make the lower lip thinner. If it's like this, this is natural. If it’s natural like this, I don't have any solution. And don't think about it. You just focus on the upper lip. But if your lip is like this hanging, Oh, and then I have some solution. If it's like this and then very fuller, lower lip, then probably, your mouth is slightly open all the time, which is not good. Um, also maybe the tongue is laying on that lower chin, which is not good either. So let's talk about the good face posture. Upper Lip, lower lip should be slightly, slightly, um, gently, not slightly gently touching each other, close your mouth, and then corners of the mouth just a little bit up or almost flat. And then that this is upper teeth. This is your throat. Then this is your tongue. So tongue should be not down, but touching on the upper palate, sucking up, this is the ideal thing, ideal face posture. And if you achieve these things, it's easier to close your mouth and put like instead of like this, then in. Also, a very important thing is body posture. You might be doing like sticking out your posture, your default posture as if it's like this, the chin is sticking out. Um, your lip is sticking out. Like everything is sticking up. No, no, no, no, no, no. So put your head on top of your spine and your butt when you're standing, when you're sitting. So think about that and not like this, but always in, and then tuck your chin a little bit in so that it's easier to keep close your mouth and also makeup tip. This is not a muscle exercise kind of thing. Back when I do lipstick something like this, try to do other more upper and then lower should be very, very little like I do like half very little or could be light all the way, but try to emphasize the upper one because that's what you want to have more attention to. As always check out my website, kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper book and the sugar oil. And also if you have any trouble with our app, please email us at [email protected] because we can fix it. And I don't want you to feel frustrated or something even after you, you paid for that subscription. I want you to try the exercises. So please, please, please do email us [email protected] and any face related or any questions, please ask our AI Koko because AI Koko is getting very smarter it's machine learning. So the more question we get that AI, the smarter the AI Koko becomes. And then if the robot cannot answer, I will answer or my colleague answer. So please ask any questions on our website to meet our AI Koko, thank you so much. See you in the next video, bye Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Blink Properly for Reducing Dry Eyes and Eye Wrinkles Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next How to move Facial Muscles Properly for Speaking | Look beautiful and good for Anti-Aging Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Easy Face Yoga Exercises - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/how-to-make-upper-lip-fuller-and-lower-lip-thinner-easy-face-yoga-exercises"}
Look Beautiful And Good For Anti-Aging Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to move Facial Muscles Properly for Speaking | Look beautiful and good for Anti-Aging Ma meh me hold it like this, then up, holding your chin so that it doesn't move. It moves as little as possible.[inaudible]Hi everyone, today, I'm going to talk about how to speak beautifully and not just for that, but for anti-aging purpose. And this is the latest version, cause I keep doing it, but this is the most updated. So please stay tuned. If you have followed me for a long time, sometimes you know that you're not supposed to do show lower teeth when you speak right? And you watch TV and you watch the mature actors, younger actors to see the difference. You often see lower teeth on the from the mature actors and younger actors show upper teeth more than the lower teeth though. That's the difference. If you have to show lower teeth, which means this lower chin muscle jaw muscle, is overworking down, down,down. That is not good because you're gonna get more down, pulling them down, so more nasolabial line more jowl and sagging, chin tension. Everything is down. That's not good that's why we really have to be aware, not have to, but to want to be, Oh, you're showing upper teeth and do not show lower teeth, but I know it's hard. It's been a challenge for me because I didn't know this thing till like maybe five years ago, then I was literally showing lower teeth so much without noticing it. No wonder I didn't look good at the time. Um, anyway, I, this is my latest practice. First of all, you put your fingers on your cheeks like this and then say, ah, eh E when you say, ah, eh E cheeks should be up. But if you are talking like, ah, eh E the cheek is moving ah, eh, E no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So make sure that the cheeks are moving. Ah, eh, e, ah, uh, eh, E and of course do not show lower teeth at all, but, ah, eh, E is easier. Maybe you can do, this if ah, eh, E is too easy for you. So we gonna do ma mey me, instead of ah eh E, because if you have to say ma you have to close your mouth first, ma me me. So it seems I was showing lower teeth now, I'm still training. Um, so let's do the same thing, but, M, so ma, mey, me, ma may me, check your mirror, don't show lower teeth. I'm showing though I know that I'm showing a little bit, so I'm really being aware of it right now. Ma may, me, ma, may, me and make sure that the cheeks are up, up, up and lower teeth are not showing let's do it again, ma, mey, me, it's hard. And then say something without showing the lower teeth, but this muscle has to be really kind of frozen. So we gonna use the finger like this. Then let's say something like face yoga is a great natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. We wake up, sleeping muscle in the face to lift up the skin and relax overworking muscle for wrinkle reduction, AKA natural alternative to Botox or plastic surgery. This is tiring because I'm really conscious about the lower teeth yeah. And then I have a habit to cause show like a little bit this side, which means this muscle is overworking down, down, down. And this is connected all over here. Yeah, yeah, no, no, no, no. If that happens, if you see some asymmetrical movement, so let's relax this muscle and stretch with this one, this was the one I did in my previous episode. Same thing. No same thing. It's a little bit similar, but not the same. So you do like this. If you can not do this one cannot touch it. It's okay. You know, you can do like like this. It's just like that. But I, as I can do this, this is more effective. So do this cross thing, and then look up, but if I'm just looking up, I'm training, I'm stretching here. I want to do here more inside, not here, but here. So look up 45 degree, but a little bit up then stretch one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. You feel this part is stretched and then, then come back. You can do this exercise three to five times per day. But if you have an asymmetrical problem like me do that saggy one, stretch the saggy part more than the other side to make it more symmetrical. So assuming you did this exercise, let's do this, um, fist, make a fist and then like this and then like, hold it like this then up. So that you are, you're holding it, holding your chin so that it doesn't move. It moves as little as possible. And then let's do the same thing. Say this face yoga is a great natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. We wake up, sleeping muscle in the face, to lift up the skin and relax overworking muscle for wrinkle reduction, AKA natural alternative to Botox or plastic surgery. See, is it easier to do? This is not an easy fix. I mean, face yoga in general, nothing is an easy fix. So this takes time. But I really feel that we should not show lower teeth when we talk. And I'm still, I'm still showing. So I need training more. But the most important thing is being aware of it. Because when you are talking to someone, you can not do this, right. It would be so weird. Um, you talk when you talk, so you, don't have time to do this and you cannot do this in public. Cause it's weird. So when you talk to someone, just really think about this muscle and forget about this. This part is dead. It's like doesn't exist. Don't think about it. And then just use this area. Then you might think that, Oh, I look, I look like a smiling all the time. So I would look weird. No, no, no, no, no. It's not that you do not look weird. So don't worry about it. Um, yeah. I get the same questions from many people. If I keep smiling and talking, I'm always smiling. It's so weird. It's not, it's not as weird as you think. Cause I've seen many people. I guarantee that and you look them up positive. So it's okay. Like I'm really right now conscious about not showing lower teeth and I'm talking to you, but I don't look too weird. Right? I'm a little bit tiny smile because you are making tiny smiles only from here not here, this eye is not eyes, are not smiling and the cheeks are not too much moving. Um, yeah. So I do not look like smiling and talking at the same time. I don't think it just looks more positive. Right. So it's okay. It's really okay. Trust me, please. Let me know what you think. And if you have any suggestion about not, how to not show lower teeth, please let me know because I'm going to experiment. Always as always check my website, kokofaceyoga.com to free download this latest yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil and other face products available on our website, kokofaceyoga.com AI Koko is available. So ask me any questions. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. So in the app, if you have any trouble with that app, please feel free to, I mean, do email us [email protected] because I would like you to be happy with the product that we provide. So don't, don't hesitate, just email us and we will make sure that we're going to fix it. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Make Upper Lip Fuller and Lower Lip Thinner | Easy Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next Eliminate Double Chin & Saggy Neck with Face Yoga | Easy face exercises for Sharper Neck & Jawline Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Look Beautiful And Good For Anti-Aging", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/how-to-move-facial-muscles-properly-for-speaking-look-beautiful-and-good-for-anti-aging"}
Facial Muscle Properly For Reducing Tension Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to eat | Move facial muscles properly for reducing tension in the chin and lifting up the skin Ah, and using so much tension and muscle here. Hmm. Like this.[inaudible].Hi everyone. Today. I'm going to talk about how to eat something by moving your facial muscles properly for anti-aging purpose. If you haven't watched my previous one, how to drink water, doesn't have to be drink water, but how to drink something by using the facial muscles correctly, please check that before watching this video, because this is like, yeah, that's more like a basic version and this is a little bit more of the past. Did you learn how to eat or how to drink or those things when you are younger? No one learns that. Very few people learn that. I think so. And this one is kind of a, I kind of developed that. So I don't think many people know about this yet unless they take my class. Um, but anyway, lots of people eat something in not really thinking about anything about the facial muscles. and I think those are not good if you're want to be beautiful. So let me talk about that. There are five steps. Number one, when you eat something that's smaller pieces, instead of trying to eat everything. But if you eat big stuff and you have to open your mouth, you're going to stretch the skin and the using the show, not show Jaw chin muscle. It's like a chin and a jaw combined in the. That's why every time you eat big stuff, you're using this overworking muscle down. Then you got to get more developed the work, the muscle. So I'm actually, I'm a big fan of Mukbang. Mukbang is a big eater. They eat a lot of the stuff, food in a lot, watching them, but I'm sometimes worried about their chin and jawline. But anyway, when you eat something, don't try to eat everything out, ah, big stuff. And you're gonna develop that working muscle, then stretch the skin. When you close, when you close your mouth, that straight skin as show as gel align. Right? So try to get the smaller pieces. So if this one smaller piece, and then don't try to like, if it's a big piece, sorry, if it's a big piece, you might try to do like the same as drinking version a and a bath or shirt. And then this is going to be the stick. Uh, Nope. Tuck your chin a little bit inside. Not so, but the point is that try to do, um, smaller pieces. That's the number one tip. And I love using chopstick because I'm Japanese and it's easy for me, but chopsticks is a little bit easier to get the smaller pieces. But if you like a hamburger or something, you have to, ah, the big piece, ah, and using so much tension and muscle here. Think that your chin is that.Number two when you eat something [inaudible] and then distribute the food broken pieces of the food to both sides.[inaudible].So I asked what I teach to my client. I asked them to eat in front of me so that I can tell which one, which one is more dominant. So if you're concerned about the asymmetrical face, this is very, very, very important, very important to get the stuff distributed, both, ideally, break down the pieces and distribute the same amount. I mean, it's impossible to make it the same amount, but similar amount to both sides back of the teeth. That's number, number two. And this is very important for if you're concerned about asymmetrical face.Number three when you think that immersion that you are chewing with cheeks like this. So regular eating is my cheek not moving the space. You're gonna lift up eating system is[inaudible]by doing so. We are developing the chick muscle, which is sleeping right now. So we need to wake up. And by also reducing the tension. I know that I talk about tension so many times countless times because it's so important and it's better to, I used to teach without food because they didn't have food. But now I started asking my clients to bring some food, real food. Cause that makes a difference. So if you have food, please try it. Even if you don't have it right now when you eat dinner or something, please tonight. Try it tonight. Hmm. So that's number three. When you eat something like that, all the, I feel like radar eating is like, um, so if I exaggerate, it's like two-step. So up, down, up, down, up, down when it's down, it's really putting it down here. This area is like really pulling down, down, down, down. If you do the regular, regular chewing, do you feel it? Please try it. Its something. And then it's like eat and pulling down. So when it's down, I feel more muscle here. Not much about that. When it's up to, down to, down to down to the June, something like that. I hope you get it. I don't know. Maybe the way I'm explaining. It's not good yet, but I'm getting there. So anyway, when you regular chewing, you read, pulling down, down, down, down down. I feel no, no, no, no, no. It's not good. So try, really try to utilize, utilize, use the chin muscle, please.Number four, time the movement. This is a game. Very important. If you're concerned about asymmetrical face. So when you're chewing inside the mouth, it shouldn't be like out in art, in art, in, out in, out in. So let's use, this is your upper teeth. This is your upper palate. So Tanya, should it be like in, at, in, out, in, out, in, out in out when you're chewing, it shouldn't be. But I realize that everyone has a symmetrical face. Everyone has a dominant side and a non-dominant side. That's normal. So my case wasn't like that, its more like this way, this way more, this side, like creating around the motion, circle, circular motion in, out in, out in, out in, or maybe this one [inaudible] in this one, the correct one for symmetrical face is in out no in-out, eat out, eat out. When you are chewing, when you're biting number five, this is the last month. So when you chew, uh, and this wallow same as drinking thing, but time is sucking up. False is up. The tongue falls up. When you swallow, then you do that. You're automatically unconsciously doing next toning exercise. O M G.There are so many things that you have to think about when you eat that's a lot. That's a lot, but you will get used to trusting me little by little. You don't have to last everything out last, but little by little. Yeah. So let's review just one by one. Number one, get the smaller pieces. If it's a big one, like hamburger or mock van player, you have to ah, no, no, no. The less you use your chin the better because you don want to say anymore. Right? Um, that's the one so smaller pieces and don't, don't stick up out your chin, tuck your chin, chin tuck, and then number two, distribute to both sides to that. Um, same amount, approximately the same amount to both back teeth for the symmetrical face. And then number three instead of an mmHmm. Okay. This is bad. Is that to develop the cheek muscle? And then number four is an of motion out instead of like the only this side or only this side or a movie neuron instead, the best one is this straight, which is so hard though. And it's kind of, I mean, maybe not impossible. It's really hard for me as well, but I'm still training and I hope you will do too. And they're not, it's not just that. There's a one more, five, same as drinking swallow when you swallow time is sucking up. So this was not a couple of eating styles or cocoa eating habits or something like that. So please let me know if you liked this video, please leave a comment because I check everything. I cannot answer everything, but I read every single one and I get inspired. So I really appreciate it. Um, I was always, this was recently updated. So check out my website,[inaudible] dot com to free download this yoga paper, book, and the sugar oil and AI Koko is launched. So please ask me any questions if AI robot cannot answer. I or my colleagues will answer. So please speak to it. Thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eye breathing | The best method to receive more oxygen for improving focus and overall health Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next How to drink by moving facial muscles correctly | Reduce chin tension and lift up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Facial Muscle Properly For Reducing Tension", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/24/how-to-eat-move-facial-muscles-properly-for-reducing-tension-in-the-chin-and-lifting-up-the-skin"}
How To Yawn Properly | Reducing Tension | Face Yoga Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to Yawn Properly for Reducing Tension in the Chin and Lifting Up the Skin The more, you are doing the same expression over and over that remembers as muscle memory.[inaudible]Hi Everyone, today, I'm going to talk about how yoga correctly for anti-aging because the more you're in a regular facial, uh, facial movement, the worst for the face. There are three tips that I'm going to explain. But before that, let me explain why regular yawn is bad. I mean, I think the more you do, the more you yawn, you do the bad for the face if you're not doing correctly. Um, but anyway, the reason why mainly two things, one is wrinkles. When you know that crow's feet, the eye wrinkles, wrinkle another one. Then the horizontal one on the nose and the vertical one, this one, this one, or so many wrinkles happens around the eye area. So we need to stop that because imagine how many times you are yawning, I don't know how many times, but every time I do gym workout. I love my workout. I love my gym class, but I yawn so many times I don't really do when I'm working or doing other things. But somehow I yawn a lot on zoom. So, and I'm concerned because the more you do the more wrinkle here, that's one thing. The other reason is that when you yawn, usually people do all the big men. Aw, the less you use your chin, the better, the more you use your chin, the bad because it's striking down, this is the overworking muscle. You don't want to really use it. You think you want to think that, imagine that this part is, does not exist, even though it does, because you don't want to use it. The more you overwork working the muscle now [inaudible], and then everything it's really dumb. Soit's not good. So let's do that. Let me explain the three tips. Number one, this is kind of the most difficult one, but I think it's very important is when you, every time I yawn, I do this instead of like this and hiding my mouth, do like this.I'm trying to relax the nose because I have a bad habit to my nose. This area is up, up, up, and I see this wrinkle and then this wrinkle and the, my nose is up. So this is my bad habit. So I'm very time I yawn, I relaxed like this. So if I'm doing something too, at the same time, I stop it. And then only like this, cause I want to, I want to really reduce the wrinkle, then relax it. But this is my case. You might need to do like this or this, um, this to prevent the crow's feet instead of nose one, I know it's hard to do it, but please try it because the less you wrinkle prevent the better, of course, the more you're doing the same expression over in the work that we members as muscle memory that you need to stop it. Number two, every time you yawn down, then doing the overworking muscle down, move up. So number one is this right in my case. And then now I'm doing that. Yeah, it is so very, very strange, strange everything. It's so strange. But imagine that this unit, we really need to relax in this area. So instead of using the force is down, lift up the cheeksThree. This is important if you're concerned about asymmetrical face. So when you have an asymmetrical chin, especially like I do, um, if you do like all a little bit good side, right? And then if you have an asymmetrical chin, when you are unconscious, this gets worse, worse, worse, the more asymmetrical it becomes if you have big because the yawning has a lot of a big force. It's not the light smile or the amount of the muscle you are using for yawning. It's so much, so much bigger than compared to other facial expression habits. So you do a, B a and then asymmetrical one is then the asymmetrical chin become a worse and worse and worse. So when you're young if you can when you're the first step in this second step is chin is up a mess or not a chin, but the third step moves a little bit slowly to the side, both sides. Or you can do try to do this side because of my case I'm, I've asymmetrically tilted this side. So try to fix it too. And then when you, when to make it more symmetrical, so you can do, uh, Oh, uh, okay. You can try both times because I think you might be your link so many times. So there are so many times that you can practice this method every single day. I really believe in the importance of moving our facial muscles properly or correctly for daily facial activities, such as eating or drinking or yawning, smiling. So I did drinking and eating in our other episodes. So please check it out if you haven't watched it. Um, yeah, but every time from now on every time you yawn think about this three tips, the first one has prevented wrinkles, prevent wrinkles like this, or like this or this or this or this as much as you can to relax the facial muscles to reprogram reprogramming the facial muscles. Um, number two lifts up the cheeks is, is a hot, big difference, right? To reduce the tension in the chin and the move, the forces from the bottom up to build the more muscle here. This patient here, number three is a metric of the face. I mean, symmetrical face cause I'm sagging. I'm tilting. Makes sense. I hope you'll like it. Please try it. Let me know how it goes. And I would love to see your update. We just updated to the newest, um, latest version, this yoga paper. So please check it out,kokofaceyoga.com to free download a book and the sugar oil as well. Thank you so much. The next video. Bye Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 reasons why you should try back sleeping for antiaging, over side or stomach sleeping Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next Eye breathing | The best method to receive more oxygen for improving focus and overall health Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Yawn Properly | Reducing Tension | Face Yoga Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/22/how-to-yawn-properly-for-reducing-tension-in-the-chin-and-lifting-up-the-skin-edited-with-captions"}
Tips To Train Back Sleeping | Best Sleeping Style For Anti-Aging Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Tips to Train Back Sleeping, the Best Sleeping Style for Anti-aging Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about three tips to train yourself for back sleeping. If you haven't watched my previous episode, please check it out because I talked about the five reasons why you should really think about doing back sleeping and instead of side sleeping or barely sleeping. So if you haven't checked it out and if you already have seen the video, keep watching.[inaudible]Number one, change your pillow to my favorite one. I keep explaining this all the time and the link in the description below, but back sleep support pillow like this doesn't have to be this brand, but this is my favorite. This is the third or fourth one I will be using for the past three, four years. And it's helping its working for me. It was so hard at the beginning, but because of this bump, yeah, see like this, I mean, I have a case, so it doesn't look prettier than this. This is a roll one naked version. But anyway, you see this as a bump. So I still do like this. I still do like this. It's not completely like this, but it's better than this. Right? Do you see it? So it's a game-changer for me. I hope you try something like this. Or if you don’t want to have this, um, you could try like a two pillow, one pillow, and another pillow on your side, both sides to kind of fix your head's position. Hairstyle matters too because it fits like this regular one. It bothers you. So I like this, and then it's easier to do back sleeping. Number Two, actually, this is more important than pillow because the pillow is more like from neck to head only, but the reason why you cannot do back sleeping, you have to decide sleeping is because probably your body is asymmetrical. I mean, everyone has asymmetrical face and body to some extent, a bit, very asymmetrical. It's kind of hard to because you have a dominant side non-dominant side, every lot of things have a dominant side and non-dominant side. Like even leg, not just hand, right? So that's if the body is asymmetrical very much, you cannot. It's very difficult for you to do back sleeping because your spine is not straight. The pelvis is a little bit tilting, so that's what you have to fix first. So my suggestion, when you are standing or sitting or walking, just really try to do, try to be symmetrical as, as, as much as possible and try to use a non-dominant hand. Like I, when I do the brush, my teeth, or dry my hair or those things, I try to use the non-dominant hand as much as possible. Many people are staying at home right now. And I would like to emphasize the importance of not crossing the legs when you're sitting. Right now, you guys watching this video, are you crossing legs or not? Try not. I try not to do that. And it's hard. It's hard, but you, you will get used to being very conscious about it because every time you cross legs, it's kind of tilt. Your, um, what's the word? The pelvis and the pelvis. It's like the, um, what's the word? The pelvis is like a stand of the spine. If the pelvis is tilted, of course, your spine is going to be tilted, right, asymmetrical, and then everything is connected. PPP, P P P P P P pit and the head is tilted. Everything is tilted. So it makes things, it makes it harder for you to do back sleeping. If you have to cross your legs for some reason, change, try to alternate every 10 minutes or something like that. Number three, before you go to bed, do a little bit of mini exercise to fix your spine. Doesn't have to be this specific exercise. You might know better than me, but I like doing using foam rollers like this. Ideally, it should be longer, but I don't have this. So I use this like this and then just like tilt like side to the side and on the spine. And it feels so good. It's really good. You don't do this on the bed. You do own the more hard floor. I think it's easier, but I'm just doing it for the demonstration purpose on the bed, but just do like, well, like to the side we go and then a little bit more hip like this, and then also more neck, shoulder and neck, upper area, careful about the hair. Yep. And then just try to reset your bones. Spines, neck, not necks, neck, just one neck, and then sleep. Another thing I would like to mention is that you can change the pillow position every single day. If you're sleeping with someone else like today, I'm sleeping like this, I'm on this site and the other one is this side. And the next day I change. And then the next day I changed every day I change because I read the comment on someone was talking my kids in on this site and I'm here. So I'm sleeping, always like this side because my kid is here. Um, then maybe you can ask the kids to sleep this side and you sleep on this side next day change every day. I think that helps too. Even though I tried to do back sleeping. If the person is here, I might be doing more this side, especially when I'm awake at the beginning. Yeah. Before I fell to sleep in a bed. So that caused an asymmetrical body. And I don't like that. So change every day. And another thing you have to have to, it's so hard to fix it. Don't try to, don't try to fix the sleeping side, sleeping completely suddenly to back sleeping. That's not possible. That's not possible. Don't believe that it's possible because it's hard. You do. You do little by little. You try to train little by little and then hopefully it works as always check my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download the newest yoga paper if you haven't checked yet. And book and the sugar oil, available, and Koko is available at kokofaceyoga.com. And if the robot cannot answer your questions, I will answer. So please ask lots of questions there. And the app is available as well, right? So it's good. See you in the next video. Bye risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Japanese tips to stay slim | KOSO Pre/Probiotic, 80% full, vegetables first, eat slow and NEAT risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Next 5 reasons why you should try back sleeping for antiaging, over side or stomach sleeping Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Tips To Train Back Sleeping | Best Sleeping Style For Anti-Aging", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/26/3-tips-to-train-back-sleeping-the-best-sleeping-style-for-anti-aging"}
Best Method To Receive More Oxygen Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eye breathing | The best method to receive more oxygen for improving focus and overall health If you breathe in here all the way. So you can use this empty nasal cavity space to receive more oxygen.[inaudible]Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about eye breathing. So what is eye breathing? I mean, we all know that nose breathing is good. And then if you're doing a no mouth breathing, please try to change. You know, the breathing because it's so important. And I did some video about them, like this massage thing, and this one to help you improve your nose breathing situation. Cause it's stuffy and then you can not nose breath. So if you haven't watched the video, please, do just search nose, breath, nose exercise video. But today I'm going to talk about eye breathing. Let me talk about the difference between nose breathing and eye breathing. So this is your face and this is a nasal cavity. This is Japanese. Um, an item that I got from Japan, Amazon, Amazon, Japan sent me like in three days only. So I was surprised anyway. So regular nose breathing is like in and out and out an eye, breathing is in and, out. So let's do together, nose breathing first to compare the, between two let's do nose breathing. First, first inhale from the nose and out, one more. This is nose breathing. And then this time let's do eye breathing. So breathe from here. This is your eye here. So try to reach the eye and then out. So first exhale then. So the difference, I mean, you don't see the difference. Do you feel the difference? I, when I did this first time, like two years ago, Oh my gosh, this is a huge difference. I was surprised that I talked about this to my breathing expert friend, and she agreed that this better, because imagine this, so there's a nasal cavity, the big stuff is going on here. If you keep doing it here, it's only smaller. A shorter distance in the air is coming in and out in and out only this. But if you breathe in here, it's actually more like a here all the way, not just this all the way. So you can use this empty nasal cavity space to receive more oxygen by doing so you, uh, getting more oxygen. So you get more like, um, less fatigue, more focus, and reduce eye fatigue and the all that good stuff happens due to the more, the more amount of oxygen. If you still cannot feel the difference, let's do it again. So first inhale from the nose and nose out slowly. One more time. Okay. This time eye breathing closes your eyes. If you can, it might be better to imagine. Close your eye. There's a difference, to me, it's a big difference. And if I, I have a hard time explaining this without showing this kind of illustration. And then when I, when I was teaching to my instructors, Kari, um, she told me she's in London. So if you want to know about her, check our link in the description, below she's the new instructor. So she, um, when I showed this one, she gave me the drawing and it's easier for people to understand. So I started using this so like this, not this, but in and out in and out, this is, I mean, it's, it's really important. First of all, nose breathing is so important for like so many reasons, like sleep apnea, those things. But if you do eye breathing, you get more benefit from nose breathing. So just for the different to differentiate from, from nose breathing and eye breathing, I call it, eye breathing, you're not really in, in inhale and exhale from the eye.Not that I'm just talking about this nasal cavity story makes sense. And this is your eye. So try to reach in the eye area when you breathe in and out if you have a good habit to meditate every day, when you meditate, please try it. You might want to think about this eye breathing because that gets more oxygen. So you can focus. You can concentrate better. Also because of this COVID situation, everyone, lots of people are stressed. Um, and then eye gets so fatigued and this is great stress relief as well because you're getting more oxygen and helps reduce eye fatigue. It's really because it's really directly not directly, but like behind the eye, another credit that I have to give actually to this illustration my voice trainer. He told me he's the one who, um, kind of a really told me the importance of the nasal cavity thing story. So [inaudible] as always check my website this updated, face yoga paper free download, and the book and the sugar oil and app are available. And the AI Koko is available. You ask you can ask any question to the web on the website, it's on kokofaceyoga.com. And if we cannot answer, if the robot cannot answer, we will answer. So stay tuned, thank you so much. see you in the next video. Bye Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to Yawn Properly for Reducing Tension in the Chin and Lifting Up the Skin Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Next How to eat | Move facial muscles properly for reducing tension in the chin and lifting up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Best Method To Receive More Oxygen", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/eye-breathing-the-best-method-to-receive-more-oxygen-for-improving-focus-and-overall-health"}
5 Japanese Tips To Stay Slim | How To Lose Weight Easily Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Japanese tips to stay slim | KOSO Pre/Probiotic, 80% full, vegetables first, eat slow and NEAT Everyone knows this 80 % vegetable first, non-exercise activity thermogenesis.[inaudible].Hi everyone today, I'm going to introduce five Japanese tips to stay slim. Why are the Japanese always have the lowest obesity, in the world, and healthiest and long longest longevity? Why is that? If you're interested, keep watching. Number one, Koso AKA Japanese kombucha. This is a great prebiotic probiotic. If you have got a problem or something like that, try this and then go to the restroom and then happens. So you will not have any problems like constipation at all. And I've known this kind of product in Japan, because if you are a beauty, conscious health, conscious people, everyone knows this. And, but since I came to the USA, I didn't find it. So I didn't try. But recently I found this so happy because this is available in the USA. And actually I got the really cool coupon code. So check the link in the description below, not the link check the code in the description below if you're interested in, but this is like one year plus fermented, more than 100 ingredients in this one. For the past 10, 20 years, a long time, but I just cannot eat much in the morning. That's my nature. I don't know why. So I easy. It's easy for me to do intermittent fasting or half-day fasting. So when I do the fasting thing, I do this with this and it's, it's really good. So if you are, if you can do fasting half-day fasting or something like that, try this. Number two. Eight tenths, 80%, which means when I was kid, I mean, Japanese kids learn how to kind of eat. And we are told to eat 80% full in the stomach. That's our part of the education because if you, you're not supposed to eat a hundred percent full, you're supposed to eat 80% full that's why we love bento boxes. If it's bento box, each compartment has a smaller amount and tries to get more, more variety, not just one item, a big amount, but we try to get smaller amounts. But the more variety that's why bento works. Number three, vegetables first, always vegetables first, if you have vegetables, I mean, you should try to get vegetables for each meal. And if you have it, you should try to eat vegetables first because by eating the vegetable first, you can lower the risk of an insulin spike because usually like a vegetable and the protein-carbohydrate three, three items, right? So if you, if you suddenly eat carbohydrates insulin spike, it's not good for the body. It's you're going to gain more weight. The skin cause glycation. So it's not good. So we are told in Japan, we are told to eat vegetables first, too. If you have lots of good fiber from the vegetable, you can reduce that fiber is kind of absorb the carbohydrate when you do, when you eat carbohydrates later, after you eat a vegetable, right? So that insulin spike is restricted or lowered. By the way, I sometimes use a Koso as a dressing, it's a little bit sweet and it's so good for vegetables like raw, raw vegetables. Number four, eat slowly. If you haven't watched my other video, I talked about how to eat, how to move your facial muscles correctly for eating. If you follow that, you gonna lift if you're going to use more cheek muscle instead of lower one, and then you cannot quickly eat. So that really helps if you want to lose weight, not just that, um, chopsticks, Japanese use chopsticks. And if you have, if you use chopsticks to eat something, it's kind of not easy to get the big stuff. Each one is small, so it takes longer. And then it's good for slower eating because if you quickly eat it, your brain doesn't have much time to tell you that you are full and you keep eating, eating, eating. And then hours later, Oh my gosh, I'm so full. That's not good. Then if you eat more, 120%, right, Japanese have the Japanese ate 80% full. So this really helps too. And also I noticed that since I moved to the USA, even now, I, even though I speak, I live in English every time that I eat. I say you don't have to say that as you must, but it's like bon appetit, it's like muffins. We appreciate the food. Thank you for the food. We're gonna enjoy the food, something like that. So we sit down and then itadakimasu hat slows you down a little bit. And then, okay, I'm going to eat from now instead of a sit on the sofa and watch TV and just suddenly eating, eating, eating NEAT, no exercise, activity, thermogenesis, which means that in a daily, um, activities, we should try to move more than you think. Don't have to. You don't really necessarily have to go to the gym. I mean, the gyms are closed now. Actually, my gym is opening today. I didn't know that. I forgot. Um, anyway, if you keep moving all the time, like pick up, pick up something or getting mail or walking upstairs, getting a not just sitting a long time at a desk or sofa, but they stand up walk around all the time is better than exercise. Exercise is good, but the NEAT is this kind of a concept. So it's not exercised. So that's why I NEAT non-exercise activity thermogenesis. Some studies said that NEAT is better than more effective than going to the gym. Because if you go to the gym, you do the workout. But then after the workout, you kind of get tired or you might move less. But instead, if that happens to you, you might not necessarily go to the gym. I mean the good gyms are closed now. So a lot of gyms are closed. And then, um, you can still move around in your daily activities. That might be more effective for weight loss in Tokyo, where I used to live. There's. I mean, I didn't have a car. So lots of people take the train, Metro, subway, bus so many, so many public transportations are available here. So we walk a lot. Even if you take a bus, you have to walk to the bus stop. And then from the bus stop to the destination. You walk out, walking, walking, walking, walking, walking a lot. So sometimes, um, when I, every time I go back to Japan, I take lots of public transportation I get so tired, but it's a really good way of doing exercising, NEAT non-exercise activity, thermogenesis. Actually, I am taking a walking class tonight and filming for you guys. So if you are interested in how to walk properly, not just regular walk, the properly for lifting up your butt, losing weight and look taller and be taller. Please check it out. Thank you so much. risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips to Smile for Anti-Aging | Smile not just beautifully, but also for Wrinkle Reduction Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next 3 Tips to Train Back Sleeping, the Best Sleeping Style for Anti-aging risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Japanese Tips To Stay Slim | How To Lose Weight Easily", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/30/5-japanese-tips-to-stay-slim-koso-preprobiotic-80-full-vegetables-first-eat-slow-and-neat"}
5 Tips To Smile For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips to Smile for Anti-Aging | Smile not just beautifully, but also for Wrinkle Reduction E smile and the V smile 1 and then 1.61 smiles. The eye. One two three.[inaudible].Hi everyone today, I'm going to talk about how to smile beautifully, not just for a beautiful look, but also more importantly for anti-aging. This is another series of my face posture episode. So if you haven't watched the other, how to drink, how to eat, how to yawn, or those things, please check the videos later, but let's do smile training today. Number one, do not ever show your lower teeth, as you may know, or may not know, but I'm not a big fan of lower teeth. I'm an anti-lower teeth person because if you have to show lower teeth every time you just smile like it looks ugly. First of all, but not just that. There's a reason. If you have to show lower teeth, you are using more lower chin and jaw muscle, always. This is low. This is an overworking muscle. You know, there are two kinds of muscles, sleeping muscle and overworking the muscle. If you haven't watched the video, please do, because it's important to know the difference. Anyway, this is an overworking the muscle. So if you have to show lower teeth down means this is always down. Always pulling down. You get more labial line, more jowl, everything is saggy, saggy, saggy. Nope, Nope, Nope. That's why don't show lower teeth when you smile. Number two does not E smile likeE E this is another overworking muscle. Yeah. So you don't wanna, you don't want to use this to, to the side. So instead of E smile, V smile up. If you keep doing that ease, smile, you're going to develop more jawline here and then your face. It's become more, more like a square, which you don't want to have. I think so. Try to smile here, but another kind of advanced tip, but try to smile from here instead of here, here and here. The difference from here. Because if you start, if you think about you're smiling from here all the way from bottom up, you're going to use this muscle. You want to forget about this. You want to think that this is dead or killed. So you want to think only here. That's why touching helps like this. Not like this, but from here more outer, outer, upper cheek muscle. Let's do one of the exercises to feel the separation between cheeks and the lower face area. So you put your finger index finger below the nasolabial line, and then, then bring up. Then you look like a squirrel, then smile. When you smile, try to lift up the cheeks. Try to smile. Only with the cheeks. Then show the upper teeth then one, two three four five six seven eight nine ten, your chin is super relaxed. It's sleeping. And then slowly take off the finger. One, two three four five, six seven eight, nine ten. Hmm. How do you feel? Do you feel the separation? This really effective too. To me, I feel the separation. So this is my favorite exercise.Number three, if you do a big smile, better to show upper teeth. You guys know that you should not show lower teeth that's given, but when you, sometimes people do including me sometimes close their mouth and then a big smile. That's cute. That's cute. But for anti-aging purposes, if you close your mouth and do a big smile, you using lots of muscle here. You want to relax here. You want to only use here. So if you have a big smile with a closed mouth, don't do that. Open your mouth and show your upper teeth. If you do a big smile, if you just tiny smile, you can still do close your mouth and relax here.Number four, this is very important for me. I'm still training, but when you smile nose down nose muscles down because otherwise, nostril becomes bigger wrinkle wrinkle wrinkle nose, wrinkle, eye wrinkle. you don't want to have that. Right? So try to relax the nose, which is hard though, but just think about this part is relaxed. You are smiling. Mainly cheeks. One exercise that you could do is peace use your piece. So the nose is down but cheeks are up. Yep. Nose down but cheeks are up then smile. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. then slowly let go of the fingers. Same as the last time. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. Number five, the Duchenne smile. So what is Duchenne smile? Duchenne, is, um, I think the person's name who invented not invented found this thing, but it said that the one and the 1.61, I think this is, is a ratio that there's a rectangular racial is considered as a beautiful or aesthetically pleasing, pleasing ratio, which is used for so many things, including credit cards. So if you have a credit card, check the, measure it one, and then 1.61. So that is happening on your face. When you smile, this is not my opinion, but it's said that by many people, but when you smile, basically smile eyes. That's the key thing. If the smile is eye is open like this and then smiling like this, this is weird, right? Because I look so unnatural. My low, my mouth might be okay, but the eye is looking so unnatural. So when you smile, the eye should smile. Not like this, I like a little bit more like around. So this area, and then should be, this should be 1.1, 1.61 1.61. And then this should be the corners of the mouth. This should be one. So one and 1.6 long, sorry, it's kind of hard to explain, but anyway, the point is smile. The eye does not smile like this I'm exaggerating, but of course, but, um, smile the eyes, not just the cheeks. Everything is connected. That's that? That's my message from Duchenne smile. So those are five tips to smile beautifully and for anti-aging. Do not show me lower teeth, only show upper teeth, especially when you do big smile and not E smile but V smile and nose down. And a Duchenne smile. As always check my website to free download the yoga the paper this is almost the latest updated one the book and the sugar oil app and AI Koko are available on the website too. So ask me any questions. If the robot cannot answer, I will answer. So stay tuned thank you so much. See you in the next video, bye Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate Double Chin & Saggy Neck with Face Yoga | Easy face exercises for Sharper Neck & Jawline Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next 5 Japanese tips to stay slim | KOSO Pre/Probiotic, 80% full, vegetables first, eat slow and NEAT risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips To Smile For Anti-Aging | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/5-tips-to-smile-for-anti-aging-smile-not-just-beautifully-but-also-for-wrinkle-reduction"}
5 Reasons Why You Should Try For Anti-aging Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 reasons why you should try back sleeping for antiaging, over side or stomach sleeping That's better than a regular pillow. I think if you have to do sleep side sleeping, but definitely, of course, my tongue it is inside the mouth.[inaudible]Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to explain five reasons why you should try to achieve back sleeping instead of doing side sleeping or back sleeping or those things. This might not apply to you. If you'readvised to do side sleeping or those things by a doctor because of some medical condition or something, but if you're a healthy person and if you want to gain a youthful appearance or keep your youthful appearance, keep watching. Number one, this is kind of obvious. And I keep saying this, but if you do side sleeping, it's going to cause asymmetrical face. I mean, everyone is asymmetrical, I am asymmetrical you are asymmetrical to some extent, but if you're very, very conscious about this asymmetrical face, and if you want to improve symmetry, you should really think about doing side sleeping. Because if you keep doing this, that, Imean, the shoulder is like a downward pressure. This hasn't the pressure so much, but no pressure. And this is pressure and no pressure. So of course, you're going to get asymmetrical face. It's if it's like this, the chin is going to be like, like this, probably. And if it's like this, it's the eyes gonna be like sad or those things happen. Even if this area is a little bit up, uh, some causing wrinkles and crow's feet. And no, I'm not too worried about wrinkles, but this stretch skin, skin when it's not stretched it shows as saggy jowl or aligned or those things, so better not to touch anything. And that will be possible if you do back sleeping. Also very important. The asymmetrical face comes from the asymmetrical body. It's impossible to have asymmetrical face if your body is asymmetrical. And if you keep doing the same thing over and over the side sleeping, and then you don't get to have a, because not just here. I mean, I cannot show my legs, but everything is like tilted, right? When you do a lot of sleeping. So of course you're going to get an asymmetrical body, which leads to asymmetrical face.Number two, sleep wrinkles, same reason. If you keep doing like this, or like this stretched skin shows as wrinkle and asleep, it's called, I think sleep wrinkles. And you don't want to have that sleep wrinkles that come from not from muscle memory, because when you're sleeping, you're not doing anything, but come from stretched skin. Number three, gravity. So if you keep doing this, you have more gravity on this side and no gravity here. So of course, you're going to get this saggier or wrinkles because of that gravity. And then think about it. Your sleep eight hours, seven or eight hours per day, every single day, always like this, this, this, this, and you might think it's a tiny gravity, but it's along hours. So its gonna show, then you might think what about some kind of special pillow to prevent wrinkle? That good. That's better than a regular pillow. I think if you have to do sleep side sleeping, but still, you get gravity. You might not get the sleep wrinkles or lines because of space, the open space, but you still get gravity on one side only. So it's not a perfect solution. Number four, this is very interesting. Tongue sag. If you sleep like this, my tongue is easy too, of course my tongue is inside the mouth, but you know what I mean? Right. And it's impossible to not, it's not, not impossible, but it's very, very difficult, difficult to put it in the center of the palate. You guys know the importance of tongue posture, right? So if the tongue is the asymmetrical position, you're going to get asymmetrical face as well. Number five, you might get pimples because the face is touching on the pillow all the time. Is that good, if you are back sleeping, you're not touching anything, but if you decide to sleep, it's touching and you'd have to because we sweat a lot while sleeping. And also not just that after washing your face and apply some cream face cream or something, right? And then that cream is touched, kind of being absorbed by the pillowcase. And then the pillowcase gets that cream on the pillowcase gets oxidized, which worsens the situation. So those are five reasons you should try to achieve back sleeping. I know it's hard, but you should try it. It's why it's so worth it. I'm still training, but it's getting better and better and better. And in my next episode, I will talk about how to train yourself. So stay tuned as always, if you are interested in the other exercises, we update the newest version. So let's check it out, come to our website,kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper and the book and the sugar, oil, and apps, and also AI Koko. So check it out, ask me any questions, if the robot can answer, I will answer. So thank you so much. See you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Tips to Train Back Sleeping, the Best Sleeping Style for Anti-aging risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Next How to Yawn Properly for Reducing Tension in the Chin and Lifting Up the Skin Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Reasons Why You Should Try For Anti-aging", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/5-reasons-why-you-should-try-back-sleeping-for-antiaging-over-side-or-stomach-sleeping"}
Easy Face Exercises For Sharper Neck & Jawline | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate Double Chin & Saggy Neck with Face Yoga | Easy face exercises for Sharper Neck & Jawline And eh,Hi Everyone. Today I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent double chin and a sharper jawline. I've done this kind of video before, so you might have watched it, but this is the latest version. The good news about neck exercise is that this is one of that easier fix because it's, those are bigger muscle compared to other facial muscles. So let's do it. If you have neck pain, don't do it. Wait until you recover. If you don't have neck pain, let's do. First, have a good posture. If you're crossing legs, don't do it because I need your spine straight and the head is on your butt. So it's not like this or this. If you're doing like this or this or this, don't that. Good posture is key. And then let's see as a finger-like here and then stretch. I mean, not stretch round one, two, three, four, five times, at least if you want to do this way, this is good too, but always end with this because I would like to open your chest so like this, and then slowly look up and then stretch your neck as much as possible. Keep the stretch, then stick out your tongue to the ceiling, like licking the ceiling and then not like around, more like pointy. And eh, the difference let's do it like this and stick out your tongue to the ceiling. Then 10 seconds.[inaudible]Then slowly come down. That's it? I, this, this clapping for the purpose of counting, but you don't have to do it. You keep doing this and open and then do it. And then slowly come down and look down. You do not have to make any weird sounds like me. I was just doing for the demonstration purpose. I would like you to focus on your neck muscle, not the throat. So you don't have to make any noise unless you want to make fun. Warning, you might be causing a wrinkle on the forehead when you look up, so check your mirror or phone in selfie mode and then make sure that you're not causing wrinkles. Please do that. And if you have to cause wrinkles, you know that you're causing wrinkles, but you cannot stop it. That happens. I understand if that's the case, close your eyes so that you don't have to look at anything. If you have to look at something you might cause a wrinkle. So just close your eyes. That is it for the neck area. But what about this side neckline or jawline? There's another one, basically. Same thing. Look 45 degree up. And then do the same thing. I like doing use the hand then do like this, like this. To stretch like this stretch, this area you should feel more stretch. If you do this version but if you can not do this. It's okay. You can just do this or just don't anything. And then just look 45 degrees and the same thing. Let's do it. So look 45 degrees up then stretch your neck. Stick out your tongue.[inaudible] 10 seconds. I did that. So of course we want to have a symmetrical face. So do the other side then my case like this [inaudible] then come back again. You do not have to make any noise like me. I'm just doing for the purpose of YouTube. Then you might have felt one side is easy to do. The other side is not easy to do. Then do the other side. Do they a harder side, one more or two, or even three more to make the face and body more symmetrical. If you haven't got the yoga paper yet, please do so because this was updated, just visit my website kokofaceyoga.com to find free yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil app are available.If you have any trouble with the app, please email us [email protected] We will fix that. And then also AI Koko is available. If the AI Koko can not answer because it's a robot, I will answer. So please check my website and see my newest version of Koko. Thank you so much see you in the next video. Bye. Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to move Facial Muscles Properly for Speaking | Look beautiful and good for Anti-Aging Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next 5 Tips to Smile for Anti-Aging | Smile not just beautifully, but also for Wrinkle Reduction Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Easy Face Exercises For Sharper Neck & Jawline | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/25/eliminate-double-chin-amp-saggy-neck-with-face-yoga-easy-face-exercises-for-sharper-neck-amp-jawline"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! 3 exercises to make cheeks fuller | Reduce tension and improve circulation to wake up capillaries Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Eliminate side Lines on the Cheeks When We Smile | Smile Beautifully Instead of Pulling to the Sides Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Mini Face Yoga Session | Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Wear ???? While Sleeping Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Face Yoga Mini Session | Fix Asymmetrical Lip/Mouth Movement While Talking | Reduce Chin Tension Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Skincare Yoga with Orgaid Face Sheet Mask On | What are Over-working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles? risk singhJuly 31, 2020 10 Bad Facial Expression Habits I found Through Face Patrol Service on Zoom Koko HayashiJuly 29, 2020 Mini face yoga session | Tighten side chins and cheeks up | Fix asymmetrical body/face habits Koko HayashiJuly 24, 2020 Face yoga mini session with Opera singer! | Fix less good looking side | Voice matters for face risk singhJuly 21, 2020 How to make nostrils smaller especially when you smile or laugh hi everyone today i'm going to talk about how to make nostrils a little bit smaller even when you laugh or when you smile because when you smile it's normal that this nostril become bigger and some people have more bigger than normal i mean bigger than average and they're concerned so this is the solution in the past i thought that nostril the tip of the nose become longer uh with the edge so i didn't i did not want to do like a down motion but now i learned that this goes up and Read More risk singhMay 28, 2020 Face yoga mini session | Double chin, how to see your future/original face & cute zoombombing! here Oh like a double channel yeah oh that is easy fix oh great yeah because compared to other facial muscles are tiny but but body area is bigger so you will see bigger difference like this for example this area is more like a half body area so yeah yeah the bigger muscle is easier to fix so this is easy fix okay good okay so let's do you know do you do any face exercise Read More risk singhMay 11, 2020 No botox? No problem | 3 face yoga exercises/tips to reduce/prevent 11th frown lines between brows practice pause wrinkle but don't do it that's how you pre-programmed facial muscles [Music] [Applause] [Music] hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to prevent or reduce this 11th line because now because of the pandemic all the known instance of business has a clause included Botox I've done Botox and I see a lot of clients that they do Read More risk singhMay 5, 2020 foam roller massage for the face myofasccial fascia release one two three one two three [Music] [Applause] [Music] hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to do foam roller massage for the face have you done or seen people do some massage thing with this kind of a bumpy stuff foam roller and I love this exercise for the body and why not for the face because face also developed muscle nodes and for circulation Read More risk singhMay 1, 2020 Straighten your nose & clear nostrils for clearer nose breathing by scraping nose cartridge [Music] like a scraping up one two three right up between that yellow and purple from bottom up today I'm going to talk about how do you straighten your nose if you are concerned about the bumpy nose or lower high somewhere make a little bit taller this is a great exercise for you so let's do it but first let's talk about the nose anatomy so this is a cartridge nose Read More risk singhApril 27, 2020 Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #2 | Demonstrated at Shark Tank TV show! oh yeah yeah keep your levity hey Ali hi everyone in my previous video I did how to lift up the puna out of the mouth because it stops sagging with age which is normal a new symptom and this one exercise today there's another one I like to try so let's do it this exercise was loved by one of the Sharks when I did the shark tank appearance so you might have seen Read More risk singhApril 25, 2020 Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #1 | Stop resting b**ch face to trick brain to feel positive oh yeah yeah keep your levity hey Ali hi everyone in my previous video I did how to lift up the puna out of the mouth because it stops sagging with age which is normal a new symptom and this one exercise today there's another one I like to try so let's do it this exercise was loved by one of the Sharks when I did the shark tank appearance so you might have seen it Read More risk singhApril 24, 2020 How to reduce cheek fat | Don't do if you want to gain more fat there is a cellar light in the face vacuuming the fat in the cheek area today I'm going to talk about how to reduce cheek fat in my case I want to have more cheek fat so I don't do this but there's some good exercise that you can do if you are only concerned about cheek fat and this in general I think fat in the face is really we call it evidence of use Read More risk singhApril 22, 2020 7 skincare tips under quarantine | Skin fast, Wash your face only once a day, makeup free, etc skim Pat's Pat's up appearance function physical protection like this are way stronger wastrel random some screams what's your face only once a day hi everyone today I'm going to talk about seven skincare tips under quarantine number one makeup three you do not have to wear much makeup probably as much as you used to because you don't have to you don't go outside right so Read More risk singhApril 16, 2020 5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk-Where A Monitor Is Placed For Symmetrical Eye highly recommend to put it on the left side to use more non-dominant I one mirror and one mirror it becomes immediately another pink today I'm going to talk about your disk environment because anti-authority a lot of people stay at home including minute longer than ever do we work from home study from home and we are spending a lot of time at desk I think and there are some five important things that you might want to try to make to make a face more beautiful number Read More risk singhApril 16, 2020 How to stop asymmetrical mouth movement when you speak I used to show a lot a lot of rod of authorities a high today I'm going to talk about my asymmetrical mouth problem and how I fix it not really fixed completely fix it but it's getting better the reason why I want to do this is that uh that was my concept when I every time I talk I was like I am still that okay always always try to enjoy a little bit done done every time and I knew Read More risk singhApril 13, 2020 Every time you eat, drink, speak, even yawn, move (lift up) your ? to build muscles and lift up cheekbone melt down imagine this is your mouth today I'm going to talk about one specific muscle in the face that used to be using you should be moving more lifting up more every time you do somethings the answer is 6 6 are in general sleeping muscle and when the cheek Read More risk singhApril 10, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1596212937163"}
How To Create Cat Eyes By Face Yoga Exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create cat eyes | Canthal tilt up with face yoga exercise Up two three…[Music] Hi Everyone, Today I’m going to talk how to create cat eyes when I was kid my nickname was Fox in Japan because or they don't call me Fox but it's called Ethernet in Japanese he'll call me today because my my cat I this town thought it was so high and both are very high but and with age it kind of goes down because everything is start sagging no we don't want to do that so that's why I winged up I would like to introduce this exercise. I have introduced this before maybe couple years ago but I wanted to do it again because it's more updated information okay so let's do it we're gonna do one by one because we you need to do wink wink it's better to do in front of mirror though but anyway so first what you're gonna do is put your hands and then put your finger here and then it's like a lower eyelid lift up the one oh I always do Laura it's very very similar to lower eyelid lift up exercise but it's not the same complete the same it's more like I'm trying to lift up up outer really outer like not to here but more like here so use your finger like this and then weak weak weak link but if I just just regular wink just wink is happening that doesn't doesn't do anything it's not effective so it's basically in a wink but trap when you we try to lift up this area a plank wake wake wink so if you have to pull crow's feet hold it - to prevent the crow's feet you could do like this as you could do like this to prevent a crow's feet but uh it's a little bit I heard that it's a little bit hard to some people have a hard time to bring it up because of the shoulder issue or something and then if that's the case you can just do like this and then you could again also prevent the crow's feet together like this but basically trying to move the lower note the outer lower outer what's the name of this area it's not the island even it’s outside of the eyelid you know what I mean right this area so put the finger here and then link up so this time really try to like move your fingers on purpose to train the brain that you're supposed to move lift up here so let's do one two three oh sorry see I'm moving my finger on purpose right now six seven eight nine hmm and then I have about happy to close finish off this one is the one in in in in and close wrinkle it's a little bit the little bit out and up.In my case you might not have to do this depending on your eyes so you yeah check your face and but my case a little bit out and up up and ten seconds or ten times so this time this okay so you did the moving with finger right on purpose and then this time you not gonna try to move this finger you try to move lift of the muscles but you know that to feel the movement put the figures here and then try again so out and up two three four five six seven eight nine like this do you feel it this is kind of down mostly one of the most important exercises I when I like I couldn't do it so I kind of gave up but I got some requests about um kept I and I studied the game and I the more the more you do the more you feel like because this is super sleeping area it's very very difficult but let's do the other side okay so again this is have two sets one is the on purpose you move it so let's do that one this one somehow I don't have a tension in here so I don't have to really pull I'm just putting my finger like this anyway wink wink not just regular wink but trying to lift up this area up up up up five six seven eight nine okay now do not move your thing finger on purpose and try to move this muscle only two three four five six seven eight nine I feel a little bit here the more you do the more you will get used to when we do makeup it's always kept I there is no dog.I sometimes they do the saggy one a little bit but it's not that much always upright so we want to lift up the council tilt so if you're concerned about it if you want to keep the beautiful jet I of you want to have it I suggest you do this exercise if your interested other exercises visit my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper book and the sugar or and we launched AI Koko recently we're still building more database but you basically used to be able to ask any question and our AI Koko will give you some exercise video or if you if it's not a mail us your messages and we will answer manually hopefully. it's it's yeah if we will be really good soon so stay tuned but it's already launched so please try just put your poker face over the phone and there there's an AI Koko somewhere just pops up so just talk to me thank you so much you next video bye. Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Hair growth scalp massage aka Japanese dry headspa with Sayuri, En Headspa, Beverly Hills Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next Lift up Cheek Bones (not cheek muscles, but cheek bones) DIRECTLY from Inside of the Mouth risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Create Cat Eyes By Face Yoga Exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/13/create-cat-eyes-canthal-tilt-up-with-face-yoga-exercise-1"}
Lift Up Cheek Bones | Directly From Inside Of The Mouth Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Lift up Cheek Bones (not cheek muscles, but cheek bones) DIRECTLY from Inside of the Mouth Cheekbone directly here, not here or here.[Music]Hi Everyone, today I'm going to talk about how to lift up your cheekbones not the muscle around the cheekbones but the real cheekbones directly with age and gravity facial bones including body bones and steps everything kind of stuff siding including this cheekbone areas then I learned something new so use your finger put on palate try to expand the palette for mewing and I don't know that if it's a sea of this because that's not what Dr. Mew was talking about that someone else was talking about it but then so my follower Johnny thank you so much for emailing me about this then I realized instead I don't know about her palate expanding thing with the finger to make mooing more easier mooing if you don't know what it is it's a time for Earth Day but anyway I'm talking about cheekbone then I realize that inspired me to do instead of a putting your thumb on the parrot what about chicken directly before I got this idea I was doing this and I still do to lift up the cheekbones so the way you do is a hook and then up so hook into the cheekbone and then up yeah so this is what I do to list up my cheekbone but in addition to this if you turn to wash your hands or shower when you're taking shower or bath or something you could put the finger inside this what sort here no yeah here aha yeah you feel all right, in particular, yeah okay.I suggest you do at the beginning one part one time not two at the same time because it's a little bit tricky one thing and then feel the tip on here then little bit ah and one cool three oh holy hum hey this is directly tithing not super directly but really put without the skin without the fat you are kind of real real touching that cheekbone so I think it's more effective to lift up the cheekbone not the muscle but the cheekbone itself so let's do the other side yeah feel the cheek one here then on 3:09 warning don't do two long hours too many times because it directly to the bone and this is good for people who are very very concerned about that having no cheek and then cheek bone aka cheek bone meltdown it's happening to you and then this might be really great idea to lift up the cheekbone not the muscle but the cheek bone also if you have a longer sharp nail be careful don't do that you need to cut the nail first but it doesn't it does not get damaged the inside the mouse and also we do you don't wanna stretch like this you don't wanna stretch the skin around the mouth so try to handle close it close it Roza octopus duck one two three four five after you get used to you can use two at the same time interesting.I feel like this one is more like out and this one is more in that if you feel it symmetrical pert and then you do that you yeah I feel like this is more sagging and more out so you do that asymmetrical one more to lift out and if you can you could try to bring it in and out in and out so feel like this is it's touching to hear yeah personally this is not so practical exercise that you can do anytime anywhere that's not easily because you have to wash your hands in public right so I like doing this still I still do but if you want to go to the next level if you want to do something different this can be a great exercise so first wash your hands or do it in the shower or bath please let me know if you like this exercise if you see any good result or not I'd like to know any of course as all always this actually we are eating this paper so I will update you soon but them yeah it's gonna be updates and if you are get this paper always check Coco facility no no this yoga paper booth in the sugar oil thank you so much. See you in the next video bye. risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create cat eyes | Canthal tilt up with face yoga exercise Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Next 3 exercises to make cheeks fuller | Reduce tension and improve circulation to wake up capillaries Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lift Up Cheek Bones | Directly From Inside Of The Mouth", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/11/lift-up-cheek-bones-not-cheek-muscles-but-cheek-bones-directly-from-inside-of-the-mouth"}
Reduce Chin Tension And Lift Up The Skin Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to drink by moving facial muscles correctly | Reduce chin tension and lift up the skin Tension in here in this sleeping area to develop more sleep, uh, cheek muscle, especially when you swallow. Hi everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about the, how to drink by using the facial muscles correctly, because I love teaching how to move facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities, such as drinking. And so we're going to do drinking and the next step. So we're going to do how to eat and how to smile, how to breathe, how to rest your face when your face is not doing anything or those kinds of things. Those are very, very important. I believe those are way more important than exercises. Exercises are important as well, but that's only like three to five minutes per day in total. So if you're doing a bad way of, if you're moving your facial muscles incorrectly, you're going to see good results. So today let's talk about how to drink water. I mean, it doesn't have to be water, but how to move your facial muscles when you drink. So let's do the regular one. Like your one is like this[inaudible] no, because every time I'm doing this, you're like, eh, and then sticking out your chin. Ooh, an overbite. And then Corrine. Yeah. So that's not good. This lower chin area is an overworking muscle. There are two kinds of muscles, sleeping muscles and overworking the working muscle. Do you know that? Um, if you don't know the difference, check out the videos, overworking muscle sleeping muscle kind of thing. Um, but anyway, this is a working muscle. It's always overworking now. down, down, down, down So the more you activate this, you're going to get one job. Get Vanessa Lavia online, the overbite, or, uh, saggy you on saggy skin. Everything, because it's being this area's P pulling down, down, down. So three steps. Number one, when you drink, don't do like a loop going to an overbite. Gonna, yeah, you don't want to stick our chin, tuck your chin. And then a little bit smaller amount. If you drink a lot of water,[inaudible]you know that to prevent the spilling. I have to use a lot of muscles in here. So if it's possible, try to drink a little bit smaller amount so that you don't really have to do like, Ooh, Ooh. And then yeah, the more, the bigger amount you drink, you have to use more muscle here. So I like, I mean, I cannot do every time, but I, really try to drink a little bit of water so that I don't have to use this muscle so much. That number one, tip number two. So when you drink, Mmm, a little bit of a tiny smile because you don't want to do this just more so in a causal wrinkle.So number two is a little bit tiny smile. It's I know it's weird. And if you drink a lot of water, you're going to spill it. So be careful if you're practicing with me right now,[inaudible]tiny smile, always so that you reduce attention and use more tension in here in this sleeping area to develop more slate, uh, cheek muscle.Number three, when you swallow the water, this is your upper teeth. This is your throat. The tongue is sucking up, especially when you swallow, see the, see the movement. So when you swallow, if you don't have water or if you don't have anything to drink, you can just use a swallow. But if you have water, that's more, better, but Oh, that's it. So those are three steps. Let's review again. Number one is a smaller amount. And the don't don't do like this. Yeah, because yeah, if you do small amounts, you don't really have to do like this.So smaller amounts and tuck your chin number two little bit tiny smile. Yeah. Instead of run a bit tiny, small, and then number three, his tongue is really sticking up, sucking up when you swallow this way, every time you swallow, you're already doing some, a neck training, neck toning exercise without not saying it.in my next step episode So we're going to talk about how to eat food by using the muscles correctly for beauty purpose. So please stay tuned if you're interested in it, and actually we updated this yoga paper. So check it out again, just visit my website kokofaceyoga.com and also we started AI Koko. So you can ask her any questions and if AI cannot answer, we will answer. I will answer. So, um, please try it and cause we need more questions to create a more database, and yeah. Anyway, just visit the website Kokofaceyoga.com to free download that you have a paper book and the sugar oil as usual and see on the next video. Thank you. Bye. Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to eat | Move facial muscles properly for reducing tension in the chin and lifting up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next Hair growth scalp massage aka Japanese dry headspa with Sayuri, En Headspa, Beverly Hills Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reduce Chin Tension And Lift Up The Skin", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/24/how-to-drink-by-moving-facial-muscles-correctly-reduce-chin-tension-and-lift-up-the-skin"}
Hair Growth Scalp Massage - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Hair growth scalp massage aka Japanese dry headspa with Sayuri, En Headspa, Beverly Hills Koko: So bad example could be like if I'm doing like I was doing like this a lot, so this is bad. Hi everyone, today we have a special guest, head spa specialist, Sayuri.Sayuri: HiKoko: She's a really great, amazing head spa specialist in BeverlyHills. Right? Sayuri: Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.Koko: And today we get to do amazing head spa aka scalp massage for hair growth.Sayuri: Perfect. Okay. So, um, we gonna start from the neck and shoulder. Usually when I do, um, the head massage, because most of the people who have, you know, migraine and headache, their shoulders very tight. So I'm just gonna start from the, um, the back, neck, and shoulder. So you start doing that and then you're gonna go.Koko: Can you show me the back?Sayuri: Yeah. I'm going to show you the back way now and you're going to stop. Sorry. Start from the back and you can go to the neck. Koko: Like a circular motion?Sayuri: That's right. And then you can kind of press it. You feel it pressure point where the, um, you're you feel good? You know, it depends on the person, but you can feel how good you feel. And then I am going to, um, go from the neck area, which is the root of your hair. I usually use a thumb to massage your neck area to the roots of the, um, head. This area is for the eyes. Koko: Acupoint?Sayuri: Right. It's an eye acupoint. When you use a computer or cellphone a lot, you can feel how tight it is. So you want to massage the root, this area, and then I'm going to go to the side, which is a temple area, Which is very connected to your facial muscles. So when you massage it, you definitely feel it. But most importantly, I don't want you to massage your hair. I want you to massage your scalp when you massage your hair, it damaging your hair. So what I do is instead of going from the top, I go from each side, and then you can start massaging from the bottom to the top. And then consciously you think you are massaging your scalp, not the hair. Koko: Not the hair. So bad example could be like if I'm doing as I was doing like this a lot, this is bad. Sayuri: This is bad.Koko: Mhm, this is bad. I used to do a lot until I met her. Yeah.Sayuri: Cuticle. That's why...Koko: Mhm, cuticle. Right? You don't want to damage the cuticle. Sayuri: So I want, you know what, I'm going to break it. That's why you're consciously thinking. I know it's hard. I know it's hard, but consciously thinking you're massaging your scalp. Koko: Also. What about this? Cause I use this a lot. Is this good? Sayuri: Mhm, that's very good. It is very good because you're stimulating your scalp, which means you'restimulating your blood flow. So it's very good, you know, movement. Sayuri: Yup. Yup.Koko: Okay.Sayuri: And then, you know, we are all fighting against gravity, force as well. So, you know, when pores get, you know, bigger out there, it doesn't do anything. Pores get bigger and loose. For instance, like you, you have nicely tight pores. Your hair just stays there, but you're getting loose pore, hair comes out easy. Koko: Right. Right. Huh.Sayuri: So massaging your scalp muscle is like work out. You're creating a work out so that you're scalp massage, um, muscle is tightened so hair won't come out easily and then when you do this massage for minutes per day, for twenty-four weeks, you see your hair, um, get more volume. Koko: Did you say that there's a, like a study, clinical study?Sayuri: Yup. They have a study like in Japan who did every day, four minutes, only four minutes, just massaging your scalp. Koko: Is it okay to do like a one minute at 1:00 PM and another one minute after 5:00 PM or four minutes at once.Sayuri: I know it's hard. I think it's better to do just four minutes’ concentrating. I mean, it's not, you can do more than that, you know, more than 10 minutes, 20minutes, but like concentrating like four minutes per day. But at the same time, would be work. Koko: Oh, okay. It's better. Okay. Okay. Cool. So, and then this is like a temp temporalis muscle. Sayuri: Yeah, temporal area. And then you can go to the center, right? Always from the bottom to the top, always from the bottom to the top. And then you can start from the center.Koko: Center this line?Sayuri: Right. You can feel the pressure point where you feel.Koko: Which finger are you using?Sayuri: I'm using an index finger, but whatever you feel, you know, you like the pressure in the middle finger or ring finger, however, or you can use three-finger, however you feel good.Koko: So, is it like this?Sayuri: Yep. Right, right.Koko: Oh.Sayuri: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you can do stuff on the little bit side, uh, like half-inch side, and then you can go from the roots to the top, down to the top, bottom to top. That's how you do it. So you can tell like, you know, how, where it feels good, so you can start massaging. And four minutes goes really quickly. Koko: Okay. And, um, there's another muscle?Sayuri: Right. It's called arrector pili muscle, which is a small muscle, um, attached to the hair follicle. Somassaging will definitely help strengthen your arrector pili muscle, which you can experience a little bit. But you usually, um, explain to the people how muscle work. Koko: Yes. So my face yoga, basically, you're gonna train your facial muscles and then stretch, train, and then stretch training and stretch. This is a key, this repetition is a key for elastic muscle, elastic skin. So that’s why I think to wake up the hair standing muscle. I forgot the name. Arrector what?Sayuri: Arrector pili muscle.Koko: Yeah. AKA hair standing muscle to lift up your hair.Yeah, right? Yeah. Do the training, wake up the wake up the hair standing muscle and then relax and wake up and relax, wake up, relax. This is key. This repetition is a, it's good for the scalp.Sayuri: Right.Koko: That's why I think face, um, not the face, but the scalp massage is really, really good for hair growth.Yeah.Sayuri: Great. That's great.Koko: In fact, because of the face is so, I mean the face is hanging from the skull. If the skull is not elastic, you, your face becomes very tense as well. And then when, when you get the tension in the face, you get the asymmetrical face or wrinkles or all the bad aging thing happens. So I like the face, face, scalp massage a lot because it's easy to do. You don't need any like massage oil or you don't have to wash your face or anything. Right? I used to do it before this coronavirus thing I used to do all the time in Uber. Every time get in Uber, I want to do face massage, but I cannot touch it because I have the hands are dirty.Sayuri: Right.Koko: You can do the, um, scalp massage, but because I didn't know Sayuri at that time, so I was using this a lot. So friction, friction, friction, friction. No, no good.Koko: Yeah. Now, don't cause friction to protect the cuticle of the hair.Sayuri:right.Koko: Massage the scalp, not the hair.Sayuri: Right. Right.Koko: Very very key.Sayuri: Right. Especially when you do dry head massage.Koko: So she usually does a wet one. Right?Sayuri: Right, right.Koko: At the salon.Sayuri: That's right.Koko: So if you want to go to that wet version which is more relaxing. Yeah. Check out. Um, she studied beauty and has a salon in Beverly Hills. Yeah. So, so check her information in the description below. So let's do one more time as a summary, let's summarize everything we did together and then you do together, everyone together.Sayuri: So you're going to start from the back of your shoulder. Uh, and then you can just massage through it and you can go to the neck area. You can just massage through it. And then when you come to the groove of your head, you use the thumb. Yeah. Probably your eyes are very tired of using a computer. So you can just massage through that. And then you can start on the side, temple muscle, again consciously you're thinking about, you're not massaging your hair, you're massaging your scalp and then from the bottom to the top, bottom to the top. You can just nicely. Going up and then you can start doing from the front to the top. And then you can just say, repeat this motion yourself. You know, four minutes max, you can do four minutes, but you can do more than that if you want, however you want.Koko: Okay. So if I want to, I feel this is really, this is really good for me, so I can do like three minutes in here.Sayuri: Yup. Yup. Yup. However you feelgood and then, you know, sometimes it's tiring to go do the back of your top. However, you feel comfortable cause you don't want to get, you know, tight in your shoulders. So however you feel comfortable, you can start doing. Yup.Koko: Okay, cool.Sayuri: Four minutes a day.Koko: Just four minutes a day.Sayuri: That's right. Easy peasy.Koko: Four, four minutes a day. Well, that's great.Sayuri: Thank you very much, Koko. Koko: Okay, thank you very much, Sayuri-san. I'll talk to you soon.Sayuri: Sounds good.Koko and Sayuri: Bye Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to drink by moving facial muscles correctly | Reduce chin tension and lift up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Next Create cat eyes | Canthal tilt up with face yoga exercise Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Hair Growth Scalp Massage - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/24/hair-growth-scalp-massage-aka-japanese-dry-headspa-with-sayuri-en-headspa-beverly-hills"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create Cat Eye or Fox Eye by Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserOctober 21, 2020 Eliminate Horizontal Neck Lines Guest UserOctober 19, 2020 The muscle Korean have the most and we might Guest UserOctober 15, 2020 Why Teeth Matters For The Face Guest UserOctober 13, 2020 How to Stop Bunny & Gummy Smile Guest UserOctober 9, 2020 Good and Bad Facial Muscles for a Beautiful Smile Guest UserOctober 7, 2020 Eliminate Vertical Lines on the Neck that Show Age | 3 Bad habits You Might Be Doing Every Day Guest UserOctober 3, 2020 Why your Left is More Sagging & Right Mouth Corner is Sagging | Balance Your Body to Improve Body Guest UserSeptember 30, 2020 How to Clear Your Stuffy Nose | 3 easy face yoga exercises to unclog for easier nose breathing Guest UserSeptember 27, 2020 What is Gonial Angle? The most attractive degree is 120-130 | How to keep the angle within the range Guest UserSeptember 18, 2020 Eliminate jowls Advanced face yoga exercise from the previous basic one Cellulite vacuum Guest UserSeptember 15, 2020 What is DAO muscle? | 7 Aging Symptoms Caused By Overworking DAO and How to Relax It Guest UserSeptember 11, 2020 Shorten philtrum | The Latest Face Yoga by Training the Upper Lip and Skin Between Nose and Lip Guest UserSeptember 8, 2020 7 Bad Habits That Cause Asymmetrical Eyes | Fix Asymmetrical Eyes By Fixing The Habits Guest UserSeptember 3, 2020 Face Yogi's night routine | 10 Steps Before Falling Asleep from Cleansing to Facial Meditation Guest UserSeptember 1, 2020 3 Face Yoga Exercises & Tips for Nose Slimming | Make your nose a bit Smaller & Reshape It Better Guest UserAugust 26, 2020 Fix Gummy Smile | Relax the Overworking Muscles That Cause Gummy Smile with Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserAugust 21, 2020 How to Relax 11th Muscles Between Eyebrows Especially While Sleeping Reduce Tension from the Face Guest UserAugust 15, 2020 Face meditation | Reduce unnecessary tension, wrinkles and stress from the face, for face posture Guest UserAugust 12, 2020 Face exercise devices that I don't like | Don't overwork the overworking muscles Guest UserAugust 9, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1596817532388&reversePaginate=true"}
3 Exercises To Make Cheeks Fuller - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 exercises to make cheeks fuller | Reduce tension and improve circulation to wake up capillaries Resting in and I do that the one-two-three we need to wake up the sleeping the capillary[Music]Hi Everyone, today I'm going to talk about three tips to prevent skinny cheeks in the making that cheeks a little bit more fuller, the reason why you get the skinny cheeks with aged and with age the body changes the body kind of gain weight but face those fat unfortunately I hope it was the opposite but it's not the case but we can do something about that so if you concerned about skinny chick Riga mmm I'll cougar which means it could be because this area the jawline the TMJ area is more overdeveloped so if this is overdeveloped here there's more space here more space here right in the cheek area and then that area becomes one hmm.. because this is like pulling out playing with backward and bring out so it's like a really bigger area and then you the fat is like stretched out and then you get like this so that's one thing.The other reason is that even though I love cheek muscles higher and the flour always higher the better the more the better they're stronger the better here but the bones should be a little bit in if so that's the second thing we're gonna do to bring the bone a little bit a site because if you have more distinct more the cheekbone, not the fat or not the muscle but the bones are you're gonna against the same thing, it's more a little bit cheek area is monstrous and then this area becomes more looking hollow number three that exercise to kind of make that cheek fuller by improving the circulation and reducing attention so let's do it.Number one is to reduce this overarching muscle relax this overworking muscle especially if you have TMJ pain so use this finger and then this this area here then like massage and I'm gonna try to do this like one minute you might feel some like a like a rock that's the muscle Rock muscle Rock so you want to break it down so it's kind of hard hard pressure like this but I'm doing like a circular motion though so up and down circular motion thirty more seconds I hope you're doing together with me relax your mouth a little bit could be open even a little bit.Number two is the cheek from inside a press in ok so again I love cheekbone the higher floor the better but that I'm talking about the muscle always if I but this time I'm talking about the real bone should be in so use your finger like this, I don't like this hmm they feel the cheek alright then one two three four five six seven eight nine yeah pressing in and I did that the one-two three so the second one one two three four five six mmm a 9mm in the last one then one two three four relax your body six seven nine ten… okay so now we fix this fix this e and M we did that so.Number three we're gonna make the checks boomer not the bomb but the cheek muscles reducing the tension and improving blood circulation by doing mm-hmm create that balloon air in the in the mouth no ma'am use this it's like a punching I'm oh so it's like this you're only this side and then punch you feel some the burning sensation it's like the that my favorite casa training kata means Chi means add up to means with pressure so you are adding the pressure by doing so when you release it when you release it of the lactic acid that humanity is moving around you might want to check vibration to reduce the lactic acid but this way you really work towards you are improving the blood circulation so let's look at the side ummm.There's some in doubt this is tiring did you feel it let me talk about the logic so if you have like training biceps this is good but but if you do press pressure is bottom but I'm trying to lift up like a resistance training it's harder than just doing a bit right so that's that's the same thing so this is like real resistance training but when you release it used to feel a lot of lactic accumulated lactic acid is moving around like release and then that that movement is very very important because that that's the one wake up the sleeping camp your capillaries the and then the capillaries distribute the oxygen and nutrients to the skin so we need to wake up the sleeping capillary by doing this resistance training makes it has retired okay so the three things we did so the first one is to reduce this overworking muscle is becoming out so you're gonna yeah do the massage thing one minute at least and the next one was that bone cheekbone inside like this 1 2 3 and 10 seconds 8 and then the last one was punch cards the training register for training mmm 10 seconds each to freedom this yoga paper good and this sugar oil but you still must see the next video bye. Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Lift up Cheek Bones (not cheek muscles, but cheek bones) DIRECTLY from Inside of the Mouth risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Next Eliminate side Lines on the Cheeks When We Smile | Smile Beautifully Instead of Pulling to the Sides Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Exercises To Make Cheeks Fuller - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/30/3-exercises-to-make-cheeks-fuller-reduce-tension-and-improve-circulation-to-wake-up-capillaries"}
Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Mini Face Yoga Session | Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Wear ???? While Sleeping I broke yes so I have I have a chickenpox car oh yes and I've noticed that so I've had it since I was like five but I've noticed over time that I'm getting a line bar because of the scar tissue I guess and how I use my muscles yeah we tend to do this we don't tend to do this 11 mm-hmm and then when that happens this becomes more visual it's part of the riscosKenny can you do this on purpose oh so it's like it's not right yeah like this mm-hmm and then the in my case there's a big bump once - it's like it's here yeah do you have it, yeah when this bump is bigger it's like Mountain the bigger Mountain Safari becomes deep which is the in the middle and then because that the chickenpox scar is in the valley if this mountain becomes smaller this valley becomes less as well okay so right now you said the dismal right so let's remove this, okay yeah let's remove this mountain yeah so this is happening else as well to me and there may be like five years ago or something guys realize I thought this is like a kind of home because it's so big and so strong not it becomes bigger and bigger bigger with age because I keep doing all the time so do you do anything about this area I'm yet yeah okay this one is not it's a muscle so no any other like a skincare cream or anything like that nothing is gonna work so when new skincare cream in the morning or at night you wash your face and then apply skincare so there has some lubricant and then but right now we can still do it because the skin has natural oil let's use the natural oil of this or the lubricant right now it's I it's ideal to do with some skin care cream okay let's now for the purpose of demonstration.Let's do without the let's use the natural oil so use use this no call tool you could use like this gouache a tool or something if you have do you have anything like this or like yeah I don't yet hmm this is fine yeah and then hold it hold it one side and then from inside out and you should it's kind of a really strong because it's for breaking them the muscle, not this is the muscle not same as the shoulder has not right the same thing has happened here because we tend to show emotions especially now because we wear face masks if you wear face masks you cannot show you emotions in the mouth area so people tend to use more this area to show emotion including this one so this is we need to be careful especially because we have to wear masks and it's required to wear masks so when we go to supermarket or something in LA what about in Ohio right now it's not a requirement it's just recommendation by anyway when yeah we just need to need to be careful this has to be frozen on time the bigger the muscle is not become so the reason, why we want to hold it, is if you don't use this like this and the codes are wrinkled so hold it to prevent the wrinkle and then from inside out 1 2 3 4 5 there 1 2 3 4 5 you normally do that once a day or twice a day but it has to be very strong personally.I've done I've done this almost every day and I see the result now I see it the mountain was bigger but it's a little bit smaller Botox is good too because Botox can kind of freeze the muscles here too but because no Botox anymore because of quarantine those are not the essential business you cannot do that so instead they're just 1 2 3 4 5 and you can't it's ideal to do with the cream skin care cream but you can do kind of any time because if you have only for her that natural oils can be used as a lubricant and plus it's not it's not gonna be you are not doing like this big one only tiny point so it's not gonna it's not gonna be like causing friction or anything like that but also it's very very important not to do it not to cause this 11 when your face is resting or when you're talking with someone when you're yeah try not a lot of people show emotion in here but we can show especially in your tie Oh required one very interesting technique for trains do you live with your family I do tape stops tape or any tape ideally it's a medical grade tape but this this is just for training purposes, this tape is not going to reduce the wrinkles but taping it relaxed some muscle so and then tape it or more and like cross the tape tells you, yeah so this is just a way to Train weight to make you realize when you're doing it yeah and also my my client they said that they wear maybe not this but maybe just this I don't know how they do it but some clients say that they wear take tiny take medical grade one not this sports tape because this can be itchy so medic great like a KT Tape or something like that where and then sleep and then somehow is relaxing the muscle when you're sleeping because when you're sleeping you cannot really control your facial muscle right this way touching helps when people are doing this one.I'm not smoking helps to reduce the tension so I think that's the same logic just touching something physically not the skincare cream but there's something physically touching on them the area help relax the this eleventh muscle when you're sleeping that help with like like scrunching up your forehead as well this one yeah I think so they said that so they they tape it like this like this but if you're concerned about this area I I would do like a one's too tiny one one too if you like this one too tiny one and then my client says that she's she's amazing she does a lot of things she wears some band breathing is amazing so yeah if you are concerned about this especially this one inside of this chickenpox look you do because you cannot fix this scar yeah that lays our sometimes that does not face thank you but you can reduce this the mountain to reduce the valley to make it less visible don't believe that would be my advice awesome thank you but when you're talking you are not really doing this one so that's good oh good yeah these away like I think when I work and I'm thinking I scrunch up a lot like that yeah so it's really not good I tend to do it first for them now I'm aware of it so it's getting better being aware of that special habit is the first step okay all right yeah so thank you so much and I hope you will have good results oh thanks yeah thank you, sir, okay thank you so much. Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Eliminate side Lines on the Cheeks When We Smile | Smile Beautifully Instead of Pulling to the Sides Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Next Face Yoga Mini Session | Fix Asymmetrical Lip/Mouth Movement While Talking | Reduce Chin Tension Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/1/mini-face-yoga-session-reduceprevent-11th-frown-lines-between-eyebrows-wear-while-sleeping"}
Eliminate Side Lines On The Cheeks | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Eliminate side Lines on the Cheeks When We Smile | Smile Beautifully Instead of Pulling to the Sides Imagine that nose is down when you smile no this a little bit more out.Hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to smile or laugh by using the right muscle prickly and by relaxing the wrong muscles and especially this is great for if you are concerned about when you smile more like line like this line lines here if you're concerned about that please keep watching.First let me explain what bad smiling and what good smiling so that's my name is like a e showing more lower teeth which means you're pulling to this side e and dong mm-hmm if you follow me you know the importance of not losing this lower area right if you don't know please take other videos but in smiling good eat to the side and then you close wrinkle wrinkle that's one thing and also if you smile like a causing wrinkle wrinkle wrinkle tension is here of course you're gonna get lots of wrinkles around the eyes and nose area that this eyebrow area as well so that's a bad smile so good smile is forget about that shimmy imagine that your chin or lower area do not exist and then when you lift up try to lift up here upper ,upper and outer cheek muscle yeah this area so when I was doing I actually took a class in class with my instructor my master one of the Masters and she told me that um we did like what a one-hour just for smiling because my smiling it's not good enough yet anyway I was smiling right up like that up from here like a throw McHugh that was too much if you think about this is very very kind of very specific knowledge you might not necessarily want to know about this detail but the thing is if you try to smile like from here which I was yeah used to like it you're still using this area muscle you don't want to use here you want to use more like here so let's use a finger what's your face I mean that finger then this is the one you want to lift up not this one but this only like upper then forget about the chain and then spine don't show the lower upper kids yet because this is a practice five times. I'm super acting though so and then this time slowly show the upper tip but forget about the chin, not like no wrinkle no wrinkle mm-hmm and then without the finger let's do it again probably you know the method you might not a big difference but I'm really focusing here and I'm really focused not focusing here not thinking about here I'm thinking like this part is like that doesn't exist I'm just looking up I'm just really trying to lift up from here and another interesting thing that I learned is so when I smile from her ethos could be down this is the story that I was talking about in my previous video so if you haven't watched the previous video please do because it's related especially if you're concerned about the nostril to become bigger when you smile which means you this muscle is like up like this up yeah you don't want that so basically just imagine that you're you're smiling only from here and forget about this and then at the same time nose is dumb.Imagine that nose is down when you smile so let's use the finger just for the imagination peppers I'm put inside this finger in here to bring it down but this one's outer cheek area is up right so like down but this is up it's kind of strange but this is the right right mouth muscle movement so put your finger together and then smile when you smile of course you got Mountain dips on up but this one is down so let's do five times slowly if you do too fast you don't see the move you don't really understand the movement so this way my I'm still learning I'm gonna keep you guys updated but anyway the point is you smile from here and nose is down this way you're not gonna smell like this so you will reduce or prevent this unnecessary lines also I learned something very veryinteresting so you might know or maybe not so probably not but I have a problem with this my this muscle is so strong and when I talk not when I must smile but when I talk it's always is only this one not this one that this one this side is only right side is down down down.I was concerned about this like yes since I noticed and then I since then I'm trying to really show the upper kids all the time super being conscious about it especially I'm taking voice training class now but anyway the I learned that the reason why this is dum dum dum know is this muscle is strong right but this is connected to here and alder here neck and shoulder so what I should do is it's hard like this like this and then stretch stretch I'm trying to insert this area especially this one this one because all the body and face is connected so stretch like this which is hard for me and then stretch but if I do is just stretch I feel more here a la moda here outer but one inside so I'm going to like um what's so it like more like not this a little bit more up then I feel here whatever you feel the position the best is fine but I'm trying to relax here so I have to change a little bit not this it's a little bit up up then 1 3 4 5 6 7 8 so interestingly this one is hurt but this one is easy for me actually this one is easy no wonder my body muscles are asymmetrical so of course are you gonna get the asymmetrical face and another thing you can do if you're super concerned about it. You can do the back or massage imagine that you have a dimple you might have it I don't have it but put the thumb on top of dimple area and dongwon go no regulars cause you don't a stretch the skin so cross your mouth even though you cannot close it and then even though this thumb is a little bit movie I'm trying to hold it the inside here is only like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 the others I want 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 10 so move on the inside without moving outside outside is just holding it that's lucky and also I see sometimes people do you are not in dentist you're not in dental clinic I'm the CEO and antipyretic you don't wanna stretch the area so you kind of try to close your mouth and go and then do the concerning area so my my problem is if you have more line when you smile or it's always like this or some this area is more tense so you do this and earth if you're interested lab exercises this is my website Papa fascia mother come to Freedom Hall this yoga paper in the book in sugar oil in a piece of their balls well thank you so much see you in the next video be Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 exercises to make cheeks fuller | Reduce tension and improve circulation to wake up capillaries Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Next Mini Face Yoga Session | Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Wear ???? While Sleeping Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate Side Lines On The Cheeks | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/6/4/eliminate-side-lines-on-the-cheeks-when-we-smile-smile-beautifully-instead-of-pulling-to-the-sides"}
Straighten Your Nose & Clear Nostrils | Koko Yoga Face Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Straighten your nose & clear nostrils for clearer nose breathing by scraping nose cartridge Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how do you straighten your nose. If you are concerned about the bumpy nose or lower high so you want to make a little bit taller this is a great exercise for you so let's do it!But first let's talk about the nose anatomy so this is a cartridge nose it's a small one and there supposed to be more like this here but it's missing because they didn't have me they didn't have the originated by anyway this is a soft cartridge, the nose and then there's another one yellow so between each color, there is a gap the in the gap there's a body fluid with age, poor blood circulation or about poster of a kind things the body of the fluid stays and the fluid gets doesn't get enough nutrients or oxygen all that good stuff because the blood circulation is not good and then the muscle and the bones kind of really stick so it's important to kind of release the fascia release. The fascia is a layer on the muscle and the fascia become very stiff with age and poor blood circulation so basically we want a kind of a release between the yellow and purple from bottom up up up to release fascia and massage this this gap areas.Let's do this! First wash your hands and the use finger we're gonna do one two three area so from here that like roll like a scraping up up up up up one two three four five six seven eight nine ten and then the second one, one two three four five six seven eight nine ten and the last one, one two three four five six seven eight nine ten. If you don't want to use this because you are outside or something you don't want to use this here I like actually using that joint because joint has the last start this has more of that because we're working on computer on all kind of things happening so I like using here but either way is fine whichever easy for you it's fine so I like to do one two three four five the point is not not just massaging, this massaging is okay too but like a scraping from inside out, inside out, inside out! This is more effective then one two three four five six seven eight nine ten… that’s it! You don't want to do over do so just so 10 times 10 times 10 times maximum two days per day. This is a great exercise to have more clear clear nose because nose breathing is very very important not especially nowadays because of corona virus you know with nose breathing you can filter some foreign object because of the hair and the mucous membranes so you should be doing more nose breathing but sometimes it's hard because nose is stuck and then do this exercise to release the to move the body fluid to move more so you feel more clearer.So the massage one is more straightening the nose area and then thing is more for shrinking the nostril but both are important if you are concerned about nose because nose is a big big everything it's connected nostril, nose this line is connected so please try it!I learned this technique yesterday on zoom because I was taking the facial massage lesson and she told me a lot of things but this is one of them and she told me that some people have stuck no having trouble with not breathing you do this every single day and then it becomes much easier to is easier to breathe from the nose.In addition, I have other exercise you might know already but let's do this another one. In addition to this massage one, you could do one hold it and then exhale… I'm inhaling from the nose then… okay let’s do the other one.. so first exhale then.. okay, ten seconds each this is a basic version, advanced version is more interesting, so first exhale… then two at the same time… I cannot keep it! Let's do it again, so first exhale… keeping 10 seconds is a bit hard but this way we are really training this muscle which is loose if you're not doing nose breathing and then this is good for shrinking the nostril actually because you were really using this sleeping muscle to, like this.Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested in the other exercises visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper, book and the sugar oil and app is available! thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 27, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous foam roller massage for the face myofasccial fascia release risk singhMay 1, 2020 Next Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #2 | Demonstrated at Shark Tank TV show! risk singhApril 25, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Straighten Your Nose & Clear Nostrils | Koko Yoga Face Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/27/straighten-your-nose-amp-clear-nostrils-for-clearer-nose-breathing-by-scraping-nose-cartridge"}
Foam Roller Massage | Fascia Release For The Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account foam roller massage for the face myofasccial fascia release Hi i everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how to do foam roller massage for the face. Have you done or same people do some massage thing with this kind of a bulky stuff foam roller and I love this exercise for the body and why not for the face because face also developed muscle nodes and for circulation and the stiff fascia to be released so this is very very important for the face as well but we’ll not going to use this bulky stuff on the face because it’s too bulky and it’s too big and too much so instead of this foam roller we're gonna use our joint aka fascia release or a myo fascial massage.First use you finger and relax your neck and shoulder so from like here one two three four five six seven eight nine ten and move up a little bit one two three four five six seven eight nine ten and then up one two three four five six seven eight nine ten and if you have time you can move on to scalp massage but this my hair I don’t want to mess up and also I want to focus on face massage for this video so let's move on.First just like this you could do like this oh but I like to doing this because in general because of corona viruse, people so obsessed about cleanliness including me and then you don't wanna I like doing some exercises when I'm outside or something and I'm cannot always wash my hands so that's why I like using this joint instead of this finger area but anyway I so use a finger like this on the forehead forehead area then one two three four five six seven eight nine ten it's like down down down down because muscle is always up up up motion to create the wrinkle up this one right so you want to bring it down down… and then so one two three so let's take on the 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 down 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 don't make wrinkle like this no like a little bit yeah a little bit out a little bit out so that it doesn't cause wrinkle in here and then move to that so 1 2 3 temple 1 2 3 so the second one is here, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… and then temple, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 you could do if you like you could do like this massage circular motion 1 2 3, this feels so good, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… Then let's move on to cheekbone area so use your finger this joint area and a hook like hook to the hooks to the to lift up the cheekbone because if we want to lift up the cheekbone and then hook it like hooker next to the nose and then we're gonna do this motion and this motion, so let’s do this one first… I’m counting 10 times, so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10…With age we get the facial osteoporosis and the gravity so many thing, bad posture, many things and everything starts sagging so it's important to lift up the face lift up the cheek so I like having higher full of cheekbones all time so let's do maybe two more times or like this length one 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10…Next one is eye brow area because we get lots of attention and show emotion on this area that what we get is levels a big bomb around here, not good so we need to break down the muscle knot and also release fascia from the muscle all right? so let's do it! You you do like like this you're doing that like this motion but see this causing wrinkle right? now we use finger to support then one two three four five six seven eight nine ten, then it’s above the eyebrow, not the eyebrow, above the eyebrow, so 1 2 3, ten seconds, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… then the other side 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… you could do both at the same time but you it's easy to cause wrinkle like this so really be careful not to do that really try to from inside out inside out always.And let's move on to accupoint here, if you're concerned about asymmetrical eyes or asymmetrical eyebrows or smaller eyes of so many things this around eye is a very very important and the most important accupoint is here so who quit to the socket but did not cause a wrinkle like this careful and then imagine that it's like here so you're sticking out to here but it's cause wrinkles I'm gonna use this and one two three four five six eight nine ten… lift up one two three four five six seven eight nine ten… whoo!Next we move to this one this is like real tight and I advise if I do like this before so when you open your mouth or ii… want you to feel the movement this one here here in the hooker then not this one but hooker here that one two three four five six seven eight nine ten two three four five six seven eight nine ten one two three four five six seven eight nine ten.Last one, let's work on jawline so use this game join and then from the chin, this one if you're worried of if they're concerned about the chin tension like me this is very important because it's important reduce chin tension so get like this circular motion one ten times and then this marionette line cuz we don't wanna have jaw or marionette line so reduce the tension to pull down so… and then move a little bit one two three four five six seven eight nine ten oh my gosh! I feel that trrrr… motion like a so many muscle rocks 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… a little bit up.. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… so 1 2 3 4 5 and then this time behind behind this chin this one, it’s hard to do circular so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10…oh my gosh I feel the rock and then… 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… and that’s it!This way you don't have to use this foam roller or anything hard just use it use your joint and I I like using instead of this area if using here because of corona virus thing, it's safer but of course please wash your hands first before you do it honestly I'm becoming more concerned about my bumpy face it's like more bumpy like Mountain Valley Mountain Valley Mountain Valley is more more prominent I think with age because I'm 41 years old and more the more smoother your face the more younger looking so it's important for me really important to break down muscle knots and the fascia release so I am going to try this massage I mean I've been doing since I learned this technique in Japan I mean not in Japan but the Japanese instructor on zoom because of quarantine I keep doing lots of learning so much interesting stuff online and likely as a side effect of this self-isolation of corona virus thing, Japanese instructor that they studies lots of things on study teaching online so I can take some Japanese class even without going to Japan online! so that's really cool I'm excited to take a voice training lesson tonight and but this one I learned this last week so I want to show you guys.If you're interested in other exercises visit my website koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper, book and sugar oil and is app is available as well so stay tuned! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhMay 1, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous No botox? No problem | 3 face yoga exercises/tips to reduce/prevent 11th frown lines between brows risk singhMay 5, 2020 Next Straighten your nose & clear nostrils for clearer nose breathing by scraping nose cartridge risk singhApril 27, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Foam Roller Massage | Fascia Release For The Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/1/7kflfpe47bhojftix2b0n5o68ml96m"}
How To Make Nostrils Smaller Especially When You Laugh Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to make nostrils smaller especially when you smile or laugh hi everyone today i'm going to talk about how to make nostrils a little bit smaller even when you laugh or when you smile because when you smile it's normal that this nostril become bigger and some people have more bigger than normal i mean bigger than average and they're concerned so this is the solution in the past i thought that nostril the tip of the nose become longer uh with the edge so i didn't i did not want to do like a down motion but now i learned that this goes up and out just a little bit as overworked muscle when you smile especially when you smile or laugh so if you're concerned about vegan nostril this my area become very might be very very tense so it's good to reduce the tension down i did another video about that to straighten those by doing the massage if you haven't checked that please check it out just start straight how to straight to nose or something like that it's a similar idea reducing the tension by massage or doing a face shape technique like slowly down so we're basically going to massage this tension because i learned that when we smile especially when we smile like if i do back smile like this and causing a wrinkle wrinkle and some people do have like this one right yeah this horizontal or this vertical happens which means my here this line next to the nose this nose line is has a it's a really tense muscle and it's always like a little bit up up up see up up up i'm causing wrinkles yeah so this muscle needs to be relaxed that's the new info to me so this knees um all was up up when it's up you see like a up up up up my nostril or bigger right up up up up so today we are going to relax this um two muscles here next to the nose so let's use your finger i like using a knuckle but if you like this one wash your hands first this is fine too or but i'm gonna do this so put your finger like this here from the top next to the eye inner eye area and then slowly shiatsu down do you feel some pain if i do if i do like oh pressing pressing pressing a little bit pain you might feel a little bit pain but that's normal because you are um you might have intense tension in here so that's okay that that pain is the one that we want to break down by doing this chicago so let's do it again five to ten ten times per day so slowly from top down three a little bit painful four in my other video to um was i was talking about how to straighten nose and how to do more nose breathing easily i was doing this massage it's the same thing but this one feels more pain and that pain is the one you want to break down so if you're concerned about the bigger nostril neutral become bigger with age or especially when you smile or laugh nostrils become bigger because this part is really have tension and then please try this massage one and this shiatsu both please and then if you want to do this massage run please search how to straight to nose and nose breathing exercise video in my next video i'm going to talk about how to smile um by using the right muscle and by relaxing muscle especially nose area as well so please check it out as well if you're interested in other exercises check my website for facial.com to free download the yoga paper book and sugar oil and the app is available as well thank you so much see in the next video bye risk singhMay 28, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face yoga mini session with Opera singer! | Fix less good looking side | Voice matters for face risk singhJuly 21, 2020 Next Face yoga mini session | Double chin, how to see your future/original face & cute zoombombing! risk singhMay 11, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Make Nostrils Smaller Especially When You Laugh", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/28/how-to-make-nostrils-smaller-especially-when-you-smile-or-laugh"}
No Botox? No Problem | Face Yoga To Reduce Lines Between Brows Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account No botox? No problem | 3 face yoga exercises/tips to reduce/prevent 11th frown lines between brows practice pause wrinkle but don't do it that's how you pre-programmed facial muscles [Music] [Applause] [Music] hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to prevent or reduce this 11th line because now because of the pandemic all the known instance of business has a clause included Botox I've done Botox and I see a lot of clients that they do it but they they can't do anymore because the clinics are closed so this is the solution we're gonna do three exercise and tip SpaceShipTwo about this line today number one let's reprogram the muscle not to cause lines so this is has a lot of tension and the shows emotion it's they're very easy to cause this line but let's let's do this use your fingers first wash your hands because turnovers and then hold our user finger and then it's like a little bit from inside out like a little bit pull a little bit pull and prevent the wrinkles but inside that be behind the fingers you try to create lines so this is like river resistance training you are preventing wrinkles but trying to Col trinka then one two three four five six seven eight nine [Music] the logic is you try to cause wrinkle but don't do it that's how you pre-programmed facial muscles as face has natural oils when you do it as you're not causing any friction you do not need in your lubricant I don't think you just hold it and then try to not in but to press out to prevent the wrinkles but you try to close wrinkle but you cannot cause metal because you're preventing yeah that's how you reprogram you could do three to five times per day each one is ten seconds next one face yet the technique seems finger and absolute is the pressure in Japanese it's just like a deep tissue massage with finger but not this area because this is more dirty I like using joint because the joint area is more less dirty and more plain basically we're gonna break down the muscle not because this is a muscle if I use my finger like like there is no and there's a big thumb and then Valley and then Bob fountain and volley so like it's like a big thing so that one I thought I used to thought it's like bomb because it's so strong in a so hard it's not bomb it's a muscle tension because we keep I keep doing that same facial expression over and over this is the overarching muscle we need to relax by writing down the muscle not with sustain on this shoulder not everything has natural oils here and it's not fair cause with too much grip friction you don't need any lubricant or you could use some mosquito cream or something when you apply skincare cream I have a honey to do this when I apply skincare cream night after washing my face anyway so do like this whole debt and then just from inside out out out out out and this goes a little bit redness but it's a super temporary so don't worry about it and then out out out out out used to really feel the big bump that's the muscle looking you want to break it down then the reason why I use this finger is that if I don't use finger I might cause wrinkle no no I don't want to cause wrinkles by doing that X that's how I still hold it to reduce wrinkle or I mean the prevent wrinkles and then out out oh you could do like this but sometimes sometimes people cause more input here I mean this is not like a regular wrinkles that you cause from facial expression so I mean I wouldn't be too worried about it but this is paper hold it and then from insider out it's really strong it's because it's not soft Swedish charge anything it's more like a shiatsu deep tissue massage breaking down down down down muscle not here so it's it's a bit harder it's like this disability number 3 tape it this is a Japanese tape and the you don't have to necessarily have to have this because any medical tape I think is fine because I hear from client that they they just attach some medical grade tape not not this special tape doesn't have to be this special one for the face but any medical grade tape you put it here like 1 1 so like cross and then the sleep that's it I guess maybe when the tape is on the muscle is relaxing without tape maybe it's easier to have attention when you're relaxed personally I haven't see big result by doing this because maybe because I don't know how big lines here yet maybe but I hear lots from my client that I teach facial but they they apply this one one and then asleep and they they said that the eleventh is really reduced so I think it works I mean my clients are telling so telling me that so okay that's enough to be this any special thing but I think a new medical tape is fine another interesting way of using your tape is the you wear tape and then communicate with your friends or family members or people you live together with and then when every time you close this line the tape tells you you can you can easily notice without tape it's kind of hard to know which when I'm doing this it's hard unless you see on the mirror right but you don't have near all the time so this tape tells you in addition it's very important to capture your unconscious patients person habit and a face posture so I highly highly highly recommend you put some multiple mirrors around yourself especially where you stay the most of the time at home because now everyone is a home and my case I'm at the desk there's a there's a what there's a desk computer and then there's a mirror mirror but if you are always cooking maybe put the two mirrors on three mirrors or four mirrors at the kitchen or anywhere you say the most of the time I highly recommend you put the mirror to structure the capture you're like a real unconscious patients person happy to after all this wrinkle or any wrinkles or any any updates for sure as a facial instructor I do a lot of the demonstration including the bad face posture and I used to this line on purpose to show the bad example but I stopped doing it no anymore I stopped I ask my instructor not to do it anymore because the more you do the more it gets worse so even as a bad instruct bad example if your instructor please do not do that because the less the better so three tips and exercise that you could do to prevent lines no Botox no problem so this one it's an exercise and try to from inside out but you try to cause Rico that's one way to reprogram the facial muscle and another one is a face so your two thing and the last one is this one personally the spaceship two thing I do almost every day and I see big difference I used to really have big one its reduced because of the breaking down breaking down so you have to think so I really believe in it yeah so that's my the most favorite as always if you're interested in other exercises visit my website Coco later welcome to free download this Yoga paper poop in the sugar oil and after severe as well so please check it out thank you so much till the next video bye risk singhMay 5, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter 0 Likes Previous Face yoga mini session | Double chin, how to see your future/original face & cute zoombombing! risk singhMay 11, 2020 Next foam roller massage for the face myofasccial fascia release risk singhMay 1, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "No Botox? No Problem | Face Yoga To Reduce Lines Between Brows", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/5/no-botox-no-problem-3-face-yoga-exercisestips-to-reduceprevent-11th-frown-lines-between-brows"}
Face Yoga Mini Session | How To See Your Future Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face yoga mini session | Double chin, how to see your future/original face & cute zoombombing! here Oh like a double channel yeah oh that is easy fix oh great yeah because compared to other facial muscles are tiny but but body area is bigger so you will see bigger difference like this for example this area is more like a half body area so yeah yeah the bigger muscle is easier to fix so this is easy fix okay good okay so let's do you know do you do any face exercise already um not too many I really actually just you know found you on YouTube like about a week or so ago it was like really really yeah wasn't that long ago and so I did like a couple of your videos and I not consistently but yeah I've done a couple of your video so oh that's great thank you so much cool so the basic thing is well we're gonna do some exercise today but um by the way I'm sorry this is my job so I have to tell you you just wrapped let that that's not a good exact same shots French expression habit do you know why why because you don't want to stretch this philtrum okay this philtrum area become longer with age the more you stretch the more become longer yeah this area is big area so you can stretch and it comes back and then it's a good thing but the facial those areas tiny so better not to stretch but this one is a bigger muscle same as body so you will training and stretch training stretch this is a key for elastic muscle so it's it's okay to stretch but because it comes back so before we do that exercise there's very very important thing about face posture do you know anything about face posture welcome let me introduce this because this is so important if you especially feel concern about this area because even if you do some exercise exercise can be 3 to 5 minutes per day in total so if you're doing bad face posture staggie back face posture you're not gonna see good result so let's talk about one very very important thing about tank posture so when you when your face is resting just relax relax your face and then close your mouth and then tell me where is your tongue the tongue can be touching the upper teeth I'm sorry up a chimp palate or in the middle or laying on the bottom mine's at the top that's good that's good ok my before I learned about this mine was laying on the bottom so that's worst because if you're late if the time is laying down you bring down down always so you get more nice lady align my saggy jaw [Music] the answer is the tongue should be hot Ginga to the palate but not there's there's more than that so this is aperitif and this is a tongue then this is a throat so Tonga should be not this but this difference is like there's a gap between tongue and the palate or setting up if it's second up you are lifting up the heavy skull and this time it's a big long muscle which is connected to neck area so that time if the time is sucking up you should feel a little bit calm Tony so if the tongue is sucking up always you are toning your neck all the time which is good really good for preventing or reducing so the example is [Music] example which is yeah so that is your default face all the time [Laughter] now because of current in everything online and I'm taking like walking lesson or voice training face your monsters I'm doing everything online yeah she's a really good she's a she's the one who told me about the importance of body posture but we are talking about the face for sure anyway so if this tongue is sucking up you really feel the toned neck always the imagine that you are doing this tone toning like what like 23 hours per day okay then you are really doing that unconsciously you are doing the neck toning the exercise yeah so this this is very very important more than exercise yeah okay so yeah let's do the exercise first relax your body and like this and relax your body and spine straight shoulder dumb head is on your but not like this or this head is on your but this is what I learned from my instructor Kimiko she went when when I when I walk I was like this so she told me head is on my butt or heel but because we as we are sitting right now so imagine the head is on your back and then relax then so let's do this use your finger like this and then shoulder down so let me show you how first [Music] unless you have neck pain hold on one second I'm readjusting my computer because I moved so actually when you're doing it you do not have to make noise we but but I think it's fun to make noise because so funny so let's make noise today oh my gosh you have a beautiful kimono thank you oh wow did you did you buy it yeah my cousin got that for me for my birthday this year oh this yeah that's new yeah yeah stunning wow that's great yeah I have a kimono - yeah it's so hard so hard to wear it yeah but I actually wrapping the kimono to put away is harder than wearing wearing it a little bit it's it's hard it takes like one hour it's hard but after wear it wear it in the wrapping folding oh that takes like really I everytime I fold my kimono I have to watch YouTube to learn how to do it yeah folding is how to fold that's that's harder than wearing yeah it's very very special anyway so you don't have to make noise like me when you do buy it by yourself but it's good to make noise because this is more fun so let's make some noise okay so let's relax fine stray shoulder dumbheads is on your butt and then unless you have no neck pain from sleeping okay and their shoulder down you don't want to do like this and then you're gonna stretch so shoulder Dom then slowly ah and then stick on your tongue to the ceiling this is very very good for here and then I have so many people show me before after if you are concerned you I can take a picture right now like that maybe Luke 45-degree okay and I will take a screenshot of yours well I can send it to you right now how do I do this okay three two Wow okay thank you please come back yeah so just once a day what twice a day or three times a day depending on how how much you how concerning Li you are but at least once a day ten seconds okay mm-hm and this is a great exercise that you can do every time you go to restroom every time you sit down on a chair or table or desk or something mm-hm even it you can do when you're standing but it's a little bit hard morning there's a warning I don't think you have a bad habit to cause wrinkle on forehead no but I don't think so yeah but that's very rare yeah I don't fix a but you could sometimes you can use your phone the selfie or mirror and make sure that you are not closing wrinkle oh okay or if you if you have to cause wrinkle just close your eyes a little bit ah not a little bit close your eyes so that you don't call you don't have to cause wrinkles and there's another um yeah do you have a phone yes I do can we get on to do some interesting projects er sighs yes can you give me one second yes yeah of course yeah thanks so much you okay back great thank you so um let's check our future face in the original face by using our home okay actually I should have done this before the exercise so pretend that we are doing before that sorry so first let's check our face right front face and the future face in the original face three faces so let's use our phone and make it selfie okay and then just relax and then three two one no smiling just regular face just regular face and then let's bring the phone down on your lap okay and then look down then take a picture of three - how do you look I have a double chin yeah yeah sagging sagging is a big part of things that you to make you look older so yes yeah so that but that can be your future face if you don't do anything oh yeah how scary so now after we get depressed we want to be positive so let's bring up the phone and then look oh and then take a picture three two one and come back how do you yeah so the idea of face yoga exercise - sleeping muscle this is a super sleeping muscle so we wanna lift up to bring back do go back to the original face which is this face yes yeah and then pretend that we are gonna do exercise so so let's do let's talk about some very very important time posture and exercise okay yeah then we do the exercise so so that's a wrap and then let's let's wrap okay so Brittany are you gonna do this exercise at least yesterday when do is I gonna do it when do you think tell me I am going to do it every time I go to the bathroom actually like I told Kim Kardashian Kourtney Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian Khloe she promised me to do that this exercise every time she got the restroom - so you're saying your same [Laughter] the reason why I asked you when is that if you decide when it's easier to continue if I just say just once a day or twice a day it's what people forget I forget to so every time you go to yeah it doesn't have to be every time because we go to restroom maybe seven times or eight times per day but um at least at least one day one per day and I hope to see you there um to see you again in a couple of weeks or month maybe you a case please try at least four weeks or one month to see results this one is a you can you will see results more quickly than other areas because this is bigger muscle let's say hmm my my but it's a little bit bigger but my body is small originally but even if I it's just a little bit bigger but people don't notice because my body is bigger but in face something changes in the face people notice the difference because face frame campus is small this is one of them very easy fix so please please please try it I will definitely yeah okay so what's the day every time you go to write not every time but yeah when you when you go to restroom yes okay thank you so much so this video is the one theme per video so we just did this but if you want to do more please apply again okay thank you so much thank you thank you [Music] risk singhMay 11, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to make nostrils smaller especially when you smile or laugh risk singhMay 28, 2020 Next No botox? No problem | 3 face yoga exercises/tips to reduce/prevent 11th frown lines between brows risk singhMay 5, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Mini Session | How To See Your Future Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/11/face-yoga-mini-session-double-chin-how-to-see-your-futureoriginal-face-amp-cute-zoombombing"}
Face Yoga Mini Session With Opera Singer | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face yoga mini session with Opera singer! | Fix less good looking side | Voice matters for face risk singhJuly 21, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Mini face yoga session | Tighten side chins and cheeks up | Fix asymmetrical body/face habits Koko HayashiJuly 24, 2020 Next How to make nostrils smaller especially when you smile or laugh risk singhMay 28, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Mini Session With Opera Singer | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/13/face-yoga-mini-session-with-opera-singer-fix-less-good-looking-side-voice-matters-for-face"}
Mini Face Yoga Session | Tighten Side Chins And Cheeks Up Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Mini face yoga session | Tighten side chins and cheeks up | Fix asymmetrical body/face habits Koko HayashiJuly 24, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 10 Bad Facial Expression Habits I found Through Face Patrol Service on Zoom Koko HayashiJuly 29, 2020 Next Face yoga mini session with Opera singer! | Fix less good looking side | Voice matters for face risk singhJuly 21, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Mini Face Yoga Session | Tighten Side Chins And Cheeks Up", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/6/mini-face-yoga-session-tighten-side-chins-and-cheeks-up-fix-asymmetrical-bodyface-habits"}
10 Bad Facial Expression Habit Face Posture Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 10 Bad Facial Expression Habits I found Through Face Patrol Service on Zoom Even if it's very very little tilting, you get more gravity on this side. Music]Hi everyone today I'm going to introduce 10 bad face posture facial expression habit. I recently studied the face patrol service at my zoom face yoga session so when I teach my client on zoom I recorded on purpose, and then after the session I screen capture the client um bad face posture or bad facial expression have it for room for improvement and then I learned about like mainly 10 bad stuff so I'm gonna introduce that. I'm sure I’m gonna find more as I'm doing more but for now let me introduce them.Number one, every time you touch your face here or here or anywhere even here people have a habit to do like this and they cause wrinkles on forehead. Every time I don't know why but every time they touch their face something happens and this has to go up. You just have to be aware of it not to do it so every time you touch you just remember not to do this.Number two, every time you're surprised or something and open your eyes a little bit bigger like this and causing wrinkles instead of open like this open open, open without this without moving forehead or eyebrow muscle, I'm doing it that's a good one but lots of people do like this and depending on forehead muscle so using this muscle this is an overworking muscle. The more you move up up up the more deeper lines you get so be careful. Also, every time you look up you might be causing wrinkles forehead so that's another thing you need to be aware of.Number three, your head is a little bit tilting to this side or a little bit this side body is probably tilted as well but um this is very very interesting like when you're working on computer or something sitting at the desk and slightly tilting the thing about gravity is that if this side is tilting tilting tilting till always and even if it's very very little tilting you get more gravity on this side. so and then if even if it's a little bit tilting think about that you are doing this like 20 not 24 hours because you're sleeping but um long long long hours per day and every single day so this is gonna become more saggy and this is gonna be more up so if you are concerned about the asymmetrical face you really need to fix the body posture and then don't forget about the face angle as well if you have a habit to do like this like this this is no.Number four, dominant eyebrow is moving up up up up I actually cannot do this but a lot of people can do um lift up and then cause angry eyebrows only on one side only and I I honestly I cannot do this. but um it's usually it's on your dominant eye probably if your right side is dominant right hand is dominant probably right eye is dominant as well, in general not always that case but in general so you might be doing ah uh not at the same time but only dominant one but that would cause worsen a symmetrical face so no.Number five, eleven I don't wanna do even as a demonstration because I was doing it as a bad example when I was teaching and I I had studied more and more so I'm not gonna do it. but you know this right when you are stressed lots of emotions are start showing here around this area especially here especially now under quarantine everybody's so stressed so try not to do it I recently did how to educe or prevent this 11th line so if you haven't watched the video please check it out.Number six, when you are talking you are showing lower teeth this is one of my biggest room for improvement as well so I'm training. I'm actually doing some voice training with uh my voice trainer who is specialized in beautiful attractive face because he believes that if you if you speak without moving chin and showing upper teeth more without showing lower teeth and then you're gonna use more muscle on the here and your your sounds better and your face structure is improved as well. as I'm still learning from the voice trainer um probably in the near future I hope to do some a good video about how to speak but basically don't on your show when you talk don't show lower teeth try not to show loyalty interesting example when you watch tv show mature actors they show more lower teeth younger actors more upper teeth that's the difference. by the way the reason why we don't want to show lower teeth is not just for the look but if you're showing lower teeth you are using more chin muscle to down, down, down, down so you're gonna get more on this nasolabial more jowl more saggy.Number seven like this when you have something when you're talking with someone and something something bad happens and then as an expression of showing people do ..yeah no the more you do the more pulling down, down, down, down and this is the overworking muscle this one this one this one's over working muscle being pulled down so no. instead my the way I show bad face bad whatsoever though my case instead of I do this I do up up and if I do both after it's more like smiling so it doesn't work in order to show my bad face I doing my case.Number eight, this is another thing that I have to really been trying to fix with but chin tension so when your face is resting not talking not chewing or anything just working on work or something walking or because I have a habit to cause tension in here not here but here so like this no the less you have tension in the chin the better.Number nine similar but it's almost like I'm exaggerating but duck face duck lips some people do like this and then cooks green curing corn corn coriander.Number 10 last one wrapping the upper lip and lower lip don't the more you do this you're stretching the philtrum, it's okay to stretch the facial muscles because stretching and training stretching training this is key for elastic skin elastic muscle, which works on more bigger muscle like bigger one jawline or neck but I don't believe this here it's like a band bam bam bam bam bam and then if you stretch too much and just breaks and doesn't come back. I don't believe this area is big enough to come back to become more elastic by doing stretching, training, stretching things so less you stretch here the better because with age unfortunately the philtrum becomes longer and then cupid bow disappear unfortunately and then face become longer that makes you look old so so those are 10 bad face posture and facial expression habit that you might be doing it so please be careful and of course I'm sure I will find more more bad examples as I teach more so please stay tuned.If you are interested in other exercises please visit my website kokofaceyoga.com to free download this yoga paper book and sugar oil and app is available as well we are urgently fixing some AI issues so please stay tuned. I'm so sorry for the trouble if you know but anyway thank you so much see you in the next video bye. Koko HayashiJuly 29, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Skincare Yoga with Orgaid Face Sheet Mask On | What are Over-working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles? risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Next Mini face yoga session | Tighten side chins and cheeks up | Fix asymmetrical body/face habits Koko HayashiJuly 24, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "10 Bad Facial Expression Habit Face Posture", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/24/10-bad-facial-expression-habits-i-found-through-face-patrol-service-on-zoom"}
Face Yoga Mini Session - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face Yoga Mini Session | Fix Asymmetrical Lip/Mouth Movement While Talking | Reduce Chin Tension Let's start! I'm stressed about, I'm excited to meet you so you're near it yes in Toronto Canada yeah cool do you do any face exercise yes further three months already like every day 20 minutes in the morning and evening, oh good! Wow! I think you do more than me yeah I mean yes so what's a concern okay so when I talk my leads kind of going through that right even in pictures when I take a picture when it's like natural position it's like hmm like that and when I open my mouth as well it's like 10 times yeah but what weird is when I curl my lips left is so much lower so well do you think you're like it right even right now are you crossing your legs yes don't okay that's one of the that's one of the thing there are lots of people do and it's so hard to stop it but if you become aware of it it's it's you can make it have it not to cross the legs that's one of the things to make your body fine like what's the word yeah and yeah that's one thing what about sleeping posture so I used to sleep on my life always now are me about my back okay good how did you make it how are you it'z like every month am at least one day wine. I can't see the skin I can't find myself on sleeping on this side anymore cause I'm scared oh but that's good right yeah so yeah looking like this yes oh that's good so tell me um how because this is for you too how how do you how did you make that happen how did you make it habit to sleep on the back because it's hard it was very hard for me but I think I put it in my brain so I used to start to sleep on my back and then when I move right away I will just we'll get up and fix myself yeah but when you're sleeping you cannot fix yourself um somehow when I when I'm going to the side I'm waking up oh my gosh really yeah and I check out even my husband told me like a few times that got up to ask them out I sleep so on my back so what's good and and I didn't think that I did it's like just to really really focus on their breathing and don't think about anything else just breathing breathing breathing in and work it took time but it work how long did it take did it take I would say two months since I was a kid already on my side like my comfort I need to me too me too it's so hard it's summer that took me like a couple years for me Wow sometimes this sometimes I feel sometimes this is more comfortable and then I I fix it fooling myself yeah because the we we were born where we are feed us in the mother's mother's stomach it was like this not like this thank you for I'm sure lots of people appreciate this tip because so many people having trouble but you're already sleeping on this check so that's good.There's some there's some checklist for a symmetrical face okay let's do one by one another one thing is that you're still not you're still not crossing right you're not crossing legs what about chewing okay so before that always on my right side now I'm even you know okay okay okay again it's like just it's actually I watch your video of course so order to talk about the chewing because chewing it really affects the fish lower face asymmetry so when you eat chewing how do you do it I say that distribute to the both side the same amount and then not just that this is a bad example I find it very hard yeah try not now because I see that you have a tension in the chin always especially myself included but we both have attention to this much to me this muscle this muscle is hard yeah and right now even right now even right now you're having tension in the gym in order to reduce the tension in the gym if you have tension in the teen you did you pull down so of course you're gonna show a lot is when you talk even though in order to reduce the tension you need to have a tension in here from the bottom up you know that to do that even right now you're having tension so when when you eat when you eat something I want to develop a more muscle here not this one that's why I'm talking about that eating so when you eat something do you have something to eat like something small nuts or chocolate or something small I can find something yes yeah mm-hmm thank you thank you okay.I got Napster okay right what's that rice cake oh I cannot hear you if somehow hello I know you came here ah yes but my sorry my my you know my pot is not working all connected ha sorry hello yes oh no here let me okay so um what what why do you hug what are you eating a rice cake anyway something small like like that that's great and let's let's eat something and then because this is a training and yeah this way we really train this muscle this is a sleeping muscle this is overarching muscle I was sure the image we use for certification for two kinds of muscles sleeping muscles and overworking muscle this red one is overworking it's always putting down down down you you have a lot of developed down down this gym muscle is overworking even now so I think you chewing really was a lifting up chewing system was really good game changer for me two years ago okay I'm it's like I have kind of a chubby cheeks is good to work with their cheeks elect I like chubby cheeks though because the floral hired cheeks you have everything is like it's like magic if you have a good one business labor line is reduced Joe is gonna be lifted so it's not gonna be gone and no more chin tension so you're not gonna show though I did when you talk everything everything is gonna be fixed like magic .I like it so when you eat something please be aware of this so in in public you don't have to do that's too much and I used to do it and the people made fun of me you don't have to do that much but just a little bit just don't try not them yeah another thing I think for your room for improvement is resting face even now you're right your face is resting and you have a tension in the gym do you have a TMJ pain no no pain back when I open my mouth I hate your click no oh yeah try not try not to move a chin chin should not be moving as little as possible even when you're talking um I'm taking voice training because now on Zoom anything specialize in attractive face face structure he's he believes if you have good voice you gotta have a good face structure as well then the most important thing about his method is do not move your chin when you're totally like it feels like I can't control it so let's let's do something use your finger then like hold it could be could be like this and then hold it try not to show our tears when you talk okay oh and then it's like a little bit if I'm just I'm gonna show how it is like this so good so it's almost like chapter it's more like pushing up no arch in and hold it in the freezer very special motif and then let's talk and ever before so when I did the voice training it was I forgot the details .I'm not going to in English I think you say in Japanese we say in English you say AI what's that AI oh are you ai ai ai ai oh you I don't know let's let me do it in Japanese because I'm in Japanese [Music] let's do this [Music] don't show me lower teeth [Music]even when you do show me loyalties so if I did without finger a is easier so he said that even if the mouth is not moving so much like mumbling it's okay because we try to produce the voice from eyes not from mouth forget about mouth because if you if you have to say till muscle too much too much too much no no no that's a traditional bad exact traditionally taught bad method the Japanese have been learning because when we say I used to learn that way at school when we when we sing something they teachers tell us oh you have to say oh and a big ma use your mouth bigger that the traditional traditionally told method about that that's wrong the new method is do not move image in as little as possible okay so that's that's one thing you could do so like to think about eyes basically yeah like a trying to speak from the eyes even forehead I talk to opera opera singer and I told this method the thing and she said oh she she tried to sing from forehead forget about the mother or speak from with the forehead she said Wow okay yeah she's a professional opera singer so yeah I mean we don't have to sing opera so maybe when you talk think about it this you know you could even try and use this and a little bit up and then read something like I'm just reading something do new to working from home here are some tips to here are some tips to help you meet like a pro just advertising to do in front of mirror to make sure that make sure that upper up no elite lower teeth are not showing and also you your right side your right side this one must be actually this muscle is strong oh wait that's yeah that's why it's always like this this one is strong so you you might want to do some massage yeah this one so you wanna massage it could be even here because it started it's connected so here just back and forth back and forth yeah could be like a circular motion this one is a little bit hard to do circular motion but this is back on the follows up down up down up done like a side in a circular motion reverse how long you need to do it for like to get any results to release it.It's better to do little by little throughout there in total and three minutes per day three to five minutes per day but it's better to do rather than five minutes in the morning rather than that better to do like 2 seconds 3 p.m. 10 seconds 4 p.m. a little by little ok just continuously because every time you talk every time you eat it or something this overworking is overworking so need to reset every yeah every time you wash your hands and if you can mmm just relax that's another tip yeah yeah perfect mmm but really when your face is resting do you know anything about face posture your tongue is another thing but your case because you have a tension in that chin try to lift up the corners of the mouth just a little bit higher so that you reduce the tension from move the tension from bottom up just a little bit like this no you still have attention this this I cannot fix right now no it's not it's not quick fix no I know so I keep it a bit higher like it higher higher and try to have a tension in the cheek area and so when I talk when I eat always use chin yeah okay perfect okay good okay so I hope you will continue and when you eat lunch today please think about this cheeks in front of the mirror with the cheeks yeah thank you - bye Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Mini Face Yoga Session | Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Wear ???? While Sleeping Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Next Skincare Yoga with Orgaid Face Sheet Mask On | What are Over-working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles? risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Mini Session - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/7/24/face-yoga-mini-session-fix-asymmetrical-lipmouth-movement-while-talking-reduce-chin-tension"}
What Are Over-Working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles? Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Skincare Yoga with Orgaid Face Sheet Mask On | What are Over-working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles? You don't apply like this because there are many wrinkles here so you wanna stretch the skin then apply so that cream penetrate deeper [Music] Hi Everyone, today I'm going to talk about what kind of face exercises you should be doing while you're wearing facial mask the mask I'm using is orchid organic shape mask which is sponsoring this video so thank you so much but before we talk about what kind of exercises you should be doing let me talk about this what's going on here so this is not just random drawing or anything like that this is a real thing that you should be knowing you should know if you're interested in face yoga because that's our like really fundamental policy no policy and things in general face yoga is a great natural solution to regain your youthful appearance and wake up sleeping muscle to lift up the skin and relaxed overarching muscle for wrinkle reduction so.There are two kinds of facial muscles did you know that not just face the body as well but sleeping muscle and overworking battle over chemo so this red one is overworking muscle that you should be relaxing to reduce wrinkles and unnecessary sagging for example this one forehead is always up up up up this one is always in and they create that deliverance and this one the horizontal one happens right so that should be really relaxed all the time and this one as well if you take either each and rorty's either please what he always swings down down down down that's not good because every time you pull the muscle down you get more now so baby online you'll get more sagging because everything is being pulled down yeah so. This part should not be used if speech should be really relaxed and also let's talk about the sleeping myself sleeping muscle is here like this one around the eye especially lower eyelid is always sleeping super sleeping this cheek muscle always sleeping as well so that one needs to be wakened up to licked up that's game so those are two muscles I would like you to remember okay so now let's take it off and submit to the REO exercises I got three choices vitamin C revitalizing anti aging moisturizing Greek yogurt your nourishing I already ate Greek yogurt today so I'm gonna try vitamin C today let's do the exercise the first thing we gonna do is untie Bulldog face I am NOT anti Bulldog but the Bulldogs cheeks are not tube for human beings so we're gonna prevent the Bulldog cheeks by doing like tips and then we are wearing the beautiful mask usual application really pick up one whole hard creature machine cha-cha one two three oh you could do this ten seconds eight and three to five times per day this is a great exercise to lift up the jawline.I have seen personally good results so that's my favorite but notice that the logic the reason why I highly recommend you do this exercise while you're wearing face masks is that is this so when you apply some body lotion or something you don't apply like this because there are many wrinkles here so you wanna stretch the skin and then apply so that cream penetrate deeper into the skin make that so that same thing so if you stretch the nostril clear and this part is stretched so you can really and use your finger to a little bit up to make it more effective to deeper penetration okay and by doing so it's really really really penetrating that's why I like to engage and if you cause trouble calling wrinkle use your finger to prevent it oh this is great because no friction because of that that this lubricant and but also patching helps the brain to tell that we are trading this muscle not this muscle not this loop this myself but this muscle right so touching really help and bring it like this and then quick this corn out.The mouth is a little bit up no no but a little bit up yeah let's do it one more time so squeeze it aside as much of reform or little bit oh yeah if you're conscious wearing clothes again [Music] next up let's move on to the labial lines so this is a the line is starting from here not here or here or here so I'm gonna work on this area by using a tip of the time everyone has tip of the time right so let's do it basically this is a muscle is becoming a heart because we do the facial expression over and over so we wanna break down the muscle not by using your tongue from inside out so let's get your tip of the tongue mmm point here not here not here Yahoo as close to the nose as possible no, you just got to like a little bitty circular motion and the other side and then the other I'm the reverse mmm this way we're really breaking up the ironing out the muscle memory.I usually teach to will be a tip of the tongue and create circle because you're not wearing a face mask all the time but if you're wearing face masks you can use a finger to really like just a little bit circular motion most arts this way we can moisturize deeper here next one is under the eye because we get lots of wrinkle here yep when you wanna stretch the skin here again same as this story you want to stretch in this then apply the cream and this is a really good organic cream so I really want to deeply deeply penetrate in this area the way we do this is so make opaque oh and then slowly look up oh that's it by doing so you are stretching this this area but the warning is that you cannot do this only like one or two seconds only you cannot do longer than that because you don't wanna stretch the philtrum mmm trust me so you do all ah that's it sure it not shorter the better but you should not be doing too long so gently Papa Papa Papa from outside in I don't like inside out I like outside in if you don't know the reason check other videos how to apply eye cream then let's move on to crow's feet so you hold the skin here and then break arms ironing out out out out out to the other side out out out out oh no out up .I'm sorry I'm not English native now out but from the bottom up and basically this is another working muscle that we keep doing the facial expression over the lost the this part has less elasticity so we wanna ironing the out out out out out out by breaking down ironing out the muscle memory and last one eleven remember the face this was really common all working muscle we could be doing in in in in always so you want to hold that and then from inside out inside out one two three four five either side one two three four five from inside out always because it's always in in in you want to bring it out you could do like out out out you could do two at the same time you should get used to but to me doing one at a time is easier or sometimes I just do like this yeah but this is this has some warning .If you keep doing like you might cause wrinkle here so make sure that you're not causing wrinkle that's why I like hold it and then from inside out so those are five exercises and face you have to technique that you could try while you're wearing face masks now let's take it off I actually have the eyebrow permanent makeup that's why looks like makeup but I'm not wearing any makeup right now and it feels really good this is the only organic sheet mask mainly USA no harmful chemicals very breathable eco-friendly and formulated by Korean dr. young thank you so much see you next video bye risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face Yoga Mini Session | Fix Asymmetrical Lip/Mouth Movement While Talking | Reduce Chin Tension Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Next 10 Bad Facial Expression Habits I found Through Face Patrol Service on Zoom Koko HayashiJuly 29, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Are Over-Working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles?", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/5/22/skincare-yoga-with-orgaid-face-sheet-mask-on-what-are-over-working-muscles-amp-sleeping-muscles"}
Fix Asymmetrical Facial Muscles Movement | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to stop asymmetrical mouth movement when you speak Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about my asymmetrical mouth problem and how I fix it not really fixed completely fix it but it's getting better. The reason why I want to do this is that uh that was my concept when I every time I talk I was like I am still that okay always always try to enjoy a little bit done done every time and I knew this problem like two years ago since then I'm really trying to use more so much upper lip instead of showing lower teeth because I used to show a lot a lot of rod of lower teeth without noticing and those were really bad, but thankfully I do things over and I learned and you should not show lower teeth so since like years ago I sent people to super super super duper being a way of showing upper teeth but that was it wasn't helping it was great but still it was lower teeth on this side was showing a lot when I talk so then I didn't know what to do then but I did something and then I kind of that situation it can be coming better in thankfully my follower noticed that I was so happy to see the comment because someone noticed I I knew I knew the problem and I didn't really talk about it because I was trying to fix it but it was getting better and then uh yeah that was the improvement was noticed by my follower so yehey! Thank you so much! I want to talk about how I did it!Three things I believe that helped to helped fix this problem, asymmetrical problem, number one, is showing the upper teeth, as I said before so always if it is showing upper teeth, up up up you're using really cheek muscle here every time you talk and try not to show lower teeth because there was a showing the lower teeth so that's one thing.Second thing I notice that the reason why I don't show other or the other thing I show only here which means this muscle is stronger than the other so it's important to relax to relax this muscle because it's really pulling it down down down down but another thing I don't notice is that the reason why I'm doing this is this is I'm chewing this side more than this. I thought I am chewing on the both side but I was wrong I think I think I was chewing this more yeah still now but now it's good that I noticed that bad habit then I can fix it if I don't know the bad habit I cannot fix it right? So people who come to me and then find some bad face posture or something like that but that that's good for you because now you know it you can fix it you can become more beautiful.One warning even though I know that I should more this side but don't try to chew on the other side only you should you still need to do both sides otherwise you're gonna get this more become dominant you don't want that you want to have both you don't want to have any dominant side so try to do the both even though I know I use more.Number three, aeiaou, this is a great exercise to kind of learn how to use your facial muscles for speaking and the same thing as similar idea as the upper teeth showing upper teeth when you talk but let's do it, use a finger clean your finger first , hands first because of the corona virus and they just simply touch and then aei when you say aei you feel the cheeks up up up up or up up up I mean to the side or up up up which one if it's like aei… it should be aei always up up up not to the side this is a dominant this is a strong muscle overworking muscle you don't want to overwork the overall muscle when you speak especially say it when you say not e-e-e-e aei and the next is aou I'm exaggerating but it's because this is training but aou.. like make the philtrum this just curl a little bit up try to make the Cupid's bow on purpose with the finger, aou and relax the chin don't show me lower teeth, I'm showing a little bit so that's not good right that's not good example but please try again so aei… aou… so this aeiaou was taught by a Japanese master in Japan because we speak aioeo oh but it's the same thing in in English or maybe in your in your language as well maybe yeah I don't know maybe so even if you don't speak Japanese I think this aeiaou is a great exercise to use more cheek muscle in this upper lip muscle.As always if your interest in the up exercises visit my website koko face.com to free download this yoga paper and sugar oil and then a book and I'm thinking about recently study new service so we gonna recruit, I need your help so if you're interested in let's do YouTube together so you're gonna show up next to me on zoom or yeah probably zoom z-o-o-m it's like a Skype so we we do web conference in the 15 minutes they're very quick mini session with you because I want to fix your problem, I want to help you and because of this quarantine time I wanna I want to really help you entertain I want to entertain you so if you're interested in joining the YouTube program together please check in the description below so that you can apply and hope to see you there and even if you're not interested in that see you in the next video. Thank you so much! Bye! risk singhApril 13, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk-Where A Monitor Is Placed For Symmetrical Eye risk singhApril 16, 2020 Next Every time you eat, drink, speak, even yawn, move (lift up) your ? to build muscles and lift up risk singhApril 10, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fix Asymmetrical Facial Muscles Movement | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/13/how-to-stop-asymmetrical-mouth-movement-when-you-speak-fix-asymmetrical-facial-muscles-movement"}
To Build Muscles And Lift Up | Face Yoga Exercises Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Every time you eat, drink, speak, even yawn, move (lift up) your ? to build muscles and lift up Hi Everyone! Today I'm going to talk about one specific muscle in the face that used to be using you should be moving more lifting up more every time you do some things. The answer is cheeks. Cheeks are in general sleeping muscle and when the cheek bones are not the bone but the muscles around the cheek bone stuff kind of a like saggy and less we call it unfortunately cheekbone melt down. Unfortunately that happens to everyone and I think I believe I believe cheeks are kind of one of the things that that are overlooked by so many people. People are more concerned about like tiny wrinkles, wrinkles or asymmetrical face so those are very very tiny for me. Big area like cheeks give more impression to make you look young or older or depends on your cheeks, you are higher and a fuller cheeks and there are some great exercise like cheek squat that I do every day but if you're interested in that those are in other videos or so please check that cheek left up exercise on my YouTube channel but today I'm gonna talk about the importance of moving the cheeks lifting up the cheeks every time you do some actions.Number one every time you speak, every time you talk move your hips and imagine that is them talking instead talking instead of talking like this and only using this muscle move more here every time you talk so if you're interested in more I did aeiaou in our exercises in other videos so check it there but basically the simple idea is an every time you talk move up your so imagine this is your mouth, forget about this but imagine that you're talking you are moving you're using this as a month cheeks as a mouth and then you should feel fatigued every time you talk like right now I'm really trying to show my upper teeth and try to move this muscle every time I do kind of a public trade public speaking or anything something like that so every time I do that and after that I get tired I feel fatigued here which means you're using this muscle so you talk with it. Doesn't have any public training public speaking but every time you talk with someone you should feel fatigued in here not here but here.Number two, every time you eat something shoe with the chicks instead of mouth if you eat something with the mouth bad example if I exaggerated like the muscle this is really trying to pull in to the side or and use only here the answer to with the cheeks I mean I'm exaggerating this is a weird face but when I do this training by myself I do this mmmm… and in public I may be a little bit less than not mmmm…. that's too much too weird but if you're by yourself because you're under quarantine maybe you can try it so imagine every time you do this exercise you are training you're waking up the sleeping muscle to lift up the skin how crazy how cool is that.Number three, drinking so when you drink if you drinking like ahhh… to show in your wrinkles you are causing tension in the chin and you are using more lower chin, lower face muscle which you should not be really using this should be relaxed because you want to activate here cheeks so when you drink something you still just regular drinking like a drinker it a little bit tiny smile but this one it's a tip if you have a lot if you want to drink a lot of water if you do this you're gonna spill the water so be careful this technique needs a little bit of practice but you it's easy once you can use this just move it try to activate this muscle and of course when you swallow tongue is up really sucking up used to feel the motion to tone the neck and lift up the face.Number four every time you yawn, instead of be yawning up like this and using a lot of tension tension, so the answer when you will yawn this is so weird but I started smiling like I studied yawning like… and I feel this cheek muscle when I young imagine how many times do you yawn, I don't know how many times I do and then so every time you yawn, you're training you're waking up this cheek muscle in reducing this to muscle which is really important so think about that just incorporate those facial. Remember to be aware of the importance of them how to say using the facial muscles correctly for your daily facial activities which we call it the face posture the beauty face posture I think this is more important than face yoga exercises I mean exercises are really important to wake up in the sleepy… that kind of thing but it's a complimentary both are important but to be honest I really think using the facial muscles correctly or properly for facial daily activities way more important because facial exercise is only like three to five minutes per day in total in my method so yeah if you are doing bad face posture, bad face facial expressions, bad face everything and then you know you’re going to see results I really like you to say good result so please think about it.Interesting other exercises interesting… interested in other tips and exercises check my website, free download this yoga paper, book and the sugar oil. See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 10, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to stop asymmetrical mouth movement when you speak risk singhApril 13, 2020 Next Create cupid's bow, shorten philtrum and upper lip curl by face yoga exercise risk singhApril 8, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "To Build Muscles And Lift Up | Face Yoga Exercises", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/10/every-time-you-eat-drink-speak-even-yawn-move-lift-up-your-to-build-muscles-and-lift-up"}
5 tips to improve your face at desk | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk-Where A Monitor Is Placed For Symmetrical Eye Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about your desk environment because under quarantine a lot of people stay at home including minute longer than ever do we work from home study from home and we are spending a lot of time at desk I think and there are some five important things that you might want to try to make to make a face more beautiful.Number one, this is my computer and I actually use Amazon box you might want to use something more fancier - yeah bring it bring the computer up to make it eyesight, eye height because you don't want to squint you don't want to hunched over to look down the computer screen so I like using some, anything is fine but I just use Amazon box and it's working.Every time you are hunting although you're receiving so much gravity and you're gonna sag and everything is like really sag so you don't want that so always in order to have good posture which is very very important to have good face posture and try to have the almost same eye height to your computer so it's a little bit down but it's very better than put the computer screen down on the table.Number two, I use one mirror and one mirror between the computer so that I can check my face posture and bad facial expression habit all the time and this is great because you can control the angle so that's my favorite and it was like one I think I bought this at Daiso which is like a Japanese one dollar tree so one dollar fifty cents only and this is really yeah I love it.Number three, this is my main computer screen and there's another monitor bigger monitor helps to reduce eye fatigue because it's easier to see if it's a screen is bigger and another thing is they're not usually regular people put another monitor on the right side is if you are right-handed because then it's easy to use it's this the monitor is designed to be placed on the right side I think but I intentionally put this too on the left side because if I'm using if I'm if the screen is here I always use my right eye more than before because I'm looking at this side this side more more more and then this is not good because my I'm a right-handed and my right eye is dominant so I'm using more if the screen is here I'm using right dominant eye overworked too much so in order to use a non dominant eye, I intentionally put the computer the monitor on the left side, makes sense but it's a little bit hard to move use the mouth because yeah not gonna go over go to detail but it's a it takes time to get used to it but if you have another second monitor and if you are right-handed if you're right right eye is dominant I highly recommend to put it on the left side to use more non-dominant eye.Number four, sun damage try not to have really close to the window if so you might be having sun damage so it's important to cover, protect your skin from the Sun by closing window or any yeah place so this is a cool item that our company Mira clinical carries so this is a mirror but it's actually there's there's no color right right now it's so it's like clear but then if you put it here next to the window it becomes immediately another blue pink right this means there's a sun here a lot of sun so I carry this kind of a lot always so that may I make sure that I am not receiving any sound damage so I yeah it depends on the timing so I sometimes close the window or sometimes but yeah this is a great great tool to find out how much you be see this big difference. You don't necessarily have to have this kind of step because you can tell if you're having sun or not but this is a cool thing and I put this link in the description below.Number five, get this yoga paper from our website Koko face yoga.com and then put it at the desk so that you are reminded to do some exercises time to time and keeping good face posture all the time so those are five tips you might want to consider when you are working at desk, at home and as always check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper, book and sugar oil and app is available as well. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye risk singhApril 16, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 7 skincare tips under quarantine | Skin fast, Wash your face only once a day, makeup free, etc risk singhApril 16, 2020 Next How to stop asymmetrical mouth movement when you speak risk singhApril 13, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 tips to improve your face at desk | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/16/5-tips-to-improve-your-face-at-desk-where-a-monitor-is-placed-matters-for-symmetrical-eyes"}
7 Skincare Tips Under Quarantine | Skincare Tips Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 7 skincare tips under quarantine | Skin fast, Wash your face only once a day, makeup free, etc Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about seven skincare tips under quarantine.Number one, makeup free, you do not have to wear much makeup probably as much as you used to because you don't have to you don't go outside right? so this is a great opportunity for the skin to take a rest. Every time you apply some kind of a makeup it creates friction which is not good so the less friction the better and this is really perfect timing unless you do like that I'm wearing a little bit of makeup right now because I'm shooting but otherwise if you don't do this kind of thing you don't have to wear and this is this is like really great opportunity seriously. Probably you might be doing do more Skype or some kind of weight conference good news zoom has touch-up appearance function so you can easily change the appearance a little bit better like you like a little bit blurry so that you’re pigmentation or rough skin is not gonna show up if you turn on that touch-up appearance function so you don't really have to wear makeup when you do the web conference.Number two, no sunscreen because you don't go outside unless you work from home or sit on the chair or desk and then there's a sun hitting on you inside the house then you used to need to wear sunscreen but to be honest I'm not a big fan of sunscreen because I believe physical protection like mask or hat the glasses those are more stronger in fact I'm happy that when I go outside I really do but I do like it a few days and when I do I wear mask and gloves and glasses and hat so that even though I'm outside now I don't have to wear sunscreen sunscreen is necessary chemical for sun protection but now because of this I don't have to wear sunscreen and when I do this like even before corona virus like last year long time ago I loved wearing masks for the purpose of sun protection but when I do this in America people will look at me and they think I'm weird but now I wear it and they don't think I'm aware so that it's actually I'm happy that I can be outside without sunscreen. I believe physical protection like this a way strong way stronger than sunscreen so this is really great that you can be outside with this.Number three, skin fast. This opportunity granting cannot be more perfect for you to try skin facile what is keep up skin fast is a concept that you don't wear anything very minimum maybe only just very little on eye area and then sleep, almost knows no moisturizer when I going your sleep because skip has innate ability to rejuvenate from inside out so if you apply too much stuff on the on the skin from outside it's a foreign object so the skin misunderstand up oh I have a lot oil so I don't have to produce it from myself that becomes so the skin become too lazy to produce its own natural moisture and oil so as you don’t wear makeup as you know sweet and much sunscreen as much as before so this really great opportunity for you to try skin fast to see how your skin feels how skin changes try like a weeks or a couple months depending of how long the quarantine continues but I really like this concept because we wanna the moisturizer should be a little bit of help for the skin to rejuvenate from inside out by itself this yeah again if you recall it skin no bees if you wear too much apply too much stuff on the skin the skin becomes a lazy and skin obesity happen so try it out from tonight there are a minimum, if the I'm in California so it's more warmer and humid so I really wear maybe I wear a little bit on the eye area because it's gets dry but otherwise I just don't wear anything if you are area is more like a cold or dry and you wear all over the skin all over the face probably but try not to do a lot the thinner the better.Number four what's your face only once a day I do this even before corona I'm too lazy to wash my face in the morning and I have a dry skin so unless you have a very dry, very oily skin I don't think you need to wash your face every day because especially now you don't wear as much makeup as before as you used to right? so just wash your face i I do only at night the less friction less washing the better because over washing the face strips away that it's it's skin's natural oils which is necessary for the skin.Number five, every time you wash your hands apply moisturizer on the skin I mean this is not for this thing but I'm talking about the hand skin because it's important nowadays we wash our hands, the more than ever right so every time you wash your hands try to avoid at the moisturizer and for this one I don't believe a skin fast logic on the skin because the skin is very thin it doesn't have much function to to produce all natural oils as much as a skin, Skin fat it's more skin is more on their face is more fat more thicker but this is a very thin so the more apply you moisturizer your appointment skin the better but the thing is that the frequency matters instead of the amount at one time so every time you wash your hands apply moisturizer.Number six, hydrate because now at home it's easy to go to restroom so the more you drink water the better like I sometimes don't drink enough water or drink outside because I'm worried about what if I cannot go to restroom and I hesitate to drink but now I'm at home and then you are at home as well so drink as much as soon as possible and not maybe too much but I to some extent I don't know how many cups I drink I literally drink countless of cup of tea or drink and I go to the restroom so many times but I believe it's good for skin and body as well.Number seven face yoga because now you are at home you don't communicate with other people as much as you used to so you do not use your facial muscles as much as you used to so now it's a great opportunity for you to learn why is face what is face yoga what is overworking muscle what is sleeping muscle or all kinds of stuff probably you already know you might know because you're watching this video but if you're new to face yoga please check other with other videos of my channel because there's so many great information and this is a perfect time for you to try something new.If you're interested in the face that suffice it please visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper, book and sugar oil. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 16, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to reduce cheek fat | Don't do if you want to gain more fat risk singhApril 22, 2020 Next 5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk-Where A Monitor Is Placed For Symmetrical Eye risk singhApril 16, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "7 Skincare Tips Under Quarantine | Skincare Tips", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/16/7-skincare-tips-under-quarantine-skin-fast-wash-your-face-only-once-a-day-makeup-free-etc"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create cupid's bow, shorten philtrum and upper lip curl by face yoga exercise hi everyone today I'm going to talk about Belgium and Cupid's bow because I must one day looking at my mirror and then where's my Cupid's bow it suddenly disappeared I mean it does not suddenly disappear it was gradually disappearing with age and I didn't notice that and I was so sharpening I knew some exercise to make more philtrum shorter and Cupid's four ball more Read More risk singhApril 8, 2020 How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage | Break down muscle tension and make skin elastic Paolo a little bit more from that from inside out today we're gonna do some exercise make all our cheeks a little bit more moola as you can tell we're gonna use their fingers and this is we're gonna do something like that it's called buckle massage ha I got this before this coroner virus comes things happened because sometimes I use my finger to my fingers are inside of my client that's Read More risk singhApril 2, 2020 How to create fuller lips by face yoga exercise | No filler today I'm going to talk about how to create flower lips this is one of the classic exercises that my favorite and I still do not every day but I try to do because I'm concerned about flawless so every time I look to lipstick or something I notice mine my lips are thinner than before something like that and I do it first let's relax relax and then first smile and try to press up on it Read More risk singhApril 1, 2020 How to reduce/prevent nasolabial fold (smile lines, laugh lines) hi everyone today I'm going to talk about nasolabial lines this 11 lines aka smile line or a flat line they're very common concern for so many people and actually it's easy to fix and I've done this kind of video before but I wanted to do it again because I'm up to date and also because now I'm under quarantine and you may be as well everyone is so stressed Oh Read More risk singhMarch 28, 2020 The Less You Move The Better For Anti-Aging today I'm gonna talk about one particular area in the face that you should not move that less you use the lists you move the area to better for anti-aging the answer is Tim the less you move here the better because of so many reason but basically this is over working muscle this is sleeping muscle and this is like when the old working muscles over working working working and then it's really playing down everything is being pulled down so you Read More risk singhMarch 26, 2020 5 warnings to face yogis with braces hi everyone today we're gonna talk about braces I've never personally done it but we have a special guest with us braces and we talked about it she's doing pasty over like two months and then we noticed that some things that some kind of warning about doing face yoga if you're doing prices so hi everybody my name is Sakura and I've been doing brave Read More risk singhMarch 20, 2020 5 Face Posture tips / move facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities hi everyone today I'd like to talk about the beauty of face posture as you may know or you may not know I did face yoga exercises may face your instructor exercises exercise are important to wake up sleeping muscle in the face to lift up that team and relax over walkie must go for wrinkle reduction but I suggest you do exercises open it little by little throughout the day and in total it should be Read More risk singhMarch 19, 2020 Anti-aging hair care | Twist hair pieces while applying hair mask hi everyone today I'm going to talk about anti-aging hair care updated version one of the things I started doing recently is do the hair mask and I kind of do on the regular basis but I started doing it seriously which means I'm not sure how the product that I've been using lately is this Read More risk singhMarch 16, 2020 6 kinds of poops | What kind of poop is the best? How to produce it? hi everyone today I would like to talk about six kinds of poops in which one is the best and how to produce the best one I know it's we our topic but it's very important to know because poop is like our if you are healthy you produce good poop if you're not happy you produce bathroom right so if you check your poop and like a smell color texture all kind of thing that I'm gonna explain and if you Read More risk singhMarch 14, 2020 Stop touching your skin | How to quit the habits | Anti-coronavirus hi everyone today I would like to talk about how to stop touching habit like touching the skin touching the face people do all the time and I salute but it's very very important not to do it because of three reasons one of them is stop acne the other reason is like causing lots of friction and caused axles to fine lines the third reason which is the most important right now is viruses because if you touch Read More risk singhMarch 9, 2020 Browgasm Relax tension with face yoga, Shiatsu, Release, Guasha, Abd fascia release! hi my name is Coco I'm a face yoga instructor and my name is Luke and I am the founder of super serum and a brow expert in his Bruce konichiwa we are here to introduce the new technics browser kreygasm is a mixture of five great techniques starting with deep tissue massage faster release face yoga face g2m this amazing gwasha toss it's only like ten minutes very quick it's actually not Read More risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 cheek 5 scenes hi everyone today I'm going to talk about 5 sins in our regular lives that you should be really try to lift up your cheeks because cheekbones cheek muscles are sleeping in general I think I posted this on our Instagram if you have followed our instagram please do because there's very interesting information there too but anyway the point is over our key muscle and sleeping muscle so Read More risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 5 hacks/tips to keep mouth closed while sleeping | How to stop mouth breathing while sleeping hi everyone today I'm going to talk about five tips that you could try to keep your mouth closed while sleeping but before we talk about that let me explain why we should care about it so one of the main generic coming under general reason is that if the mouth is open you're probably you doing mouth breathing right instead of nose breathing no so breathing breathing is better Read More risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Reprogram jaw muscles to make your chin and jaw lines more symmetrical by assessing the jaw movement hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to reprogram our muscle and kind of bomb-related to create more symmetrical gyms metrical office I have done some exercises to make more facing symmetrical face so if you're interested in places art symmetrical face or how to fix asymmetrical face on my youtube channel but this is different this is how to reprogram the movement of your facial Read More risk singhFebruary 21, 2020 Why you should NOT wear heavy earring glasses hi everyone today I'm going to talk about some accessory items that you might be wearing it it can be skin damaging one of the item that I hear from my comments in the description on YouTube they're asking about glasses I mean not this kind of sunglasses but the regular glasses I don't have regular glasses reading glasses so I don't know but for example if you are wearing Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Why you should relax chin | How to relax chin for antiaging | Reduce wrinkles and sagging hi everyone today I'm going to talk about why we need to relax gym to me relaxing chin is so important but if I talk about it people really don't get it because it's not really talked about and I think this this concern this having tension in the chin is one of the underrated underlooked and they looked under looked issue that we should do really think about it be aware of it there are three reasons Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Create cupid"s bow with eyelash glue | Hold the shape to let the skin remember the form hi everyone today we're going to create Cupid's bow with some glue before we do that with glue let me talk about five areas in your face that should be more 3d look I don't know how to in it in English I don't know how to explain but it's like a mountain and pumped and in out in out in there are five areas that you should have this out in out in shape 3d shape to make you look Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 5 bad habits to cause assymetrical eyes and eyebrows | How to fix hi everyone today I'm going to talk about five bad habits that you might be doing you to create more asymmetrical IO and asymmetrical eyebrows but if you have not watched my video about seven bad habits to cause a symmetrical body in the face please check it out first because that's very very important I mean you can check check it out later but anyway I really Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Facial osteoporosis part 2 | 7 aging symptons due to facial osteoporosis and how to prevent them hi everyone today I'm going to do another facial osteoporosis in my previous video I did basic things about facial austere process 3 aging symptoms due to face Oster process how to fix them I mean how to prevent or slow down the process so if you haven't checked the video yet please do but today is gonna be more additional information which I think it's very interesting so Read More risk singhJanuary 29, 2020 3 aging symptoms due to facial osteoporosis | saggy cheeks, saggy jawlines and hollow on eye area hi everyone today I'm going to talk about facial osteoporosis so you guys know what austere process with age the bone density becomes there in less and we get injury or lots of I don't know back pain or lots of things bad things happen 18 symptom happens and people we usually talk Read More risk singhJanuary 25, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1586514489729"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! 5 face yoga exercises that I don't like | Warnings about Face Yoga Guest UserAugust 7, 2020 Make Your Eating Habit Symmetrical for Symmetrical Face | How to Exam How Asymmetrical You Are & Fix Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Why Eyebag (incl Malar Festoon bags) Occurs | Wake Up Sleeping Muscles to Lift Up the Skin Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Anti-Jowl Exercise l Reduce Cellulite in the Jowl So Unnecessary Fat is Reduced Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 Fix asymmetrical tongue posture and tongue movement while eating | Improve symmetry in the face Guest UserAugust 3, 2020 How to Blink Properly for Reducing Dry Eyes and Eye Wrinkles Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to Make Upper Lip Fuller and Lower Lip Thinner | Easy Face Yoga Exercises Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to move Facial Muscles Properly for Speaking | Look beautiful and good for Anti-Aging Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Eliminate Double Chin & Saggy Neck with Face Yoga | Easy face exercises for Sharper Neck & Jawline Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 5 Tips to Smile for Anti-Aging | Smile not just beautifully, but also for Wrinkle Reduction Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 5 Japanese tips to stay slim | KOSO Pre/Probiotic, 80% full, vegetables first, eat slow and NEAT risk singhJuly 31, 2020 3 Tips to Train Back Sleeping, the Best Sleeping Style for Anti-aging risk singhJuly 31, 2020 5 reasons why you should try back sleeping for antiaging, over side or stomach sleeping Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to Yawn Properly for Reducing Tension in the Chin and Lifting Up the Skin Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Eye breathing | The best method to receive more oxygen for improving focus and overall health Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to eat | Move facial muscles properly for reducing tension in the chin and lifting up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 How to drink by moving facial muscles correctly | Reduce chin tension and lift up the skin Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Hair growth scalp massage aka Japanese dry headspa with Sayuri, En Headspa, Beverly Hills Guest UserJuly 31, 2020 Create cat eyes | Canthal tilt up with face yoga exercise Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Lift up Cheek Bones (not cheek muscles, but cheek bones) DIRECTLY from Inside of the Mouth risk singhJuly 31, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1596212453967&reversePaginate=true"}
How To Reduce Cheek Fat | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to reduce cheek fat | Don't do if you want to gain more fat Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how to reduce cheek fat. In my case I want to have more cheek fat so I don't do this but there's some good exercise that you can do if you are only concerned about cheek fat and this in general I think fat in the face is really we call it evidence of youth that's what I learned in Japan after some exercise course so you don't want to lose it because if you lose it like this and then you look older and the fat is a free pillar as well so personally I want to have more fat so don't do this but if you're concerned about if you want to lose weight in the fat in the in the cheek area stay tuned.Did you know that there is a cellulite in the face in addition to body we know orange-peel cellulite on the body area especially like a fat or a thigh or their areas and it's not that this boy it's very very tiny and you know person you orange built in dust on the skin surface but something similar is happening to the face so today we're gonna really squeeze what's the one vacuum we call cellulite vacuum. Vacuum the cellulite in the cheek area from inside inside of the mouth. There are two versions basic versions and advanced version so let’s do the the basic version first first relax your face and then as much as possible like a squeezing vacuuming the fat in the cheek area… I feel fatigued because I'm squeezing, vacuuming so much. My recommendation is three to five times per day each time is 10 seconds only because if you overdo you might see some like too skinny or something I don't want to do that but moderation is a key so five times that's maximum per day.Now let's do another one, advanced version so the same thing squeezed vacuum keep vacuuming and then slightly move to the side and the other side and let's do three times but do slowly slower the better it breaks because if you do too fast you're gonna lose the fat you're gonna stop doing thus the vacuum you think keep vacuuming and then move that's the hardest part so let's do it…First relax and then… even you’re here to this side try to keep shocking here which is the hardest part it's easy to have here but in addition keep sucking keep vacuuming both sides that's the hardest part, so let’s do it… Last one… so when it's moving, keep sucking both at the same time which is hard that’s why it’s a good training, but again when you’re not concerned about face fat or cheek fat you don't have to do this and you should not do this I don't personally do this but I got some comments that they wanna who are wanting some exercise for reducing the fat so if you're concerned about it try it!If you're interested other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper, book and the sugar oil and updates is available as well! Stay tuned! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 22, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #1 | Stop resting b**ch face to trick brain to feel positive risk singhApril 24, 2020 Next 7 skincare tips under quarantine | Skin fast, Wash your face only once a day, makeup free, etc risk singhApril 16, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Reduce Cheek Fat | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/22/how-to-reduce-cheek-fat-buccal-fat-dont-do-if-you-want-to-gain-more-fat-on-the-face"}
Lift Up Corners Of The Mouth Naturally | Shark Tank TV Show! Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #2 | Demonstrated at Shark Tank TV show! Hi everyone! In my previous video I did how to lift up the corners out of the mouth because it’s starts sagging with age which is normal aging symptom and this one exercise today there's another one I like to try so let's do it.This exercise was loved by one of the Sharks when I did the shark tank appearance so you might have seen it I don't know but let's do it, so first relax… and when you do relax you don't have to do this hand motion I'm just doing just as a habit but you're not hosted by the way I'm wearing something kind of crazy but I'm trying very close to because now under quarantine everybody's at home and I do lots of YouTube or MTV or lots of appearance on the video conference and I have to have something nice on a person that’s why, I hope you liked it let me know you don't like it or you like it. Anyway, so first smile and of course do not show me lower teeth only upper teeth in at least eight upper teeth all the time, we feel it equal and then stick out your tongue… keep showing your upper teeth, eight least…. Do not move your chin as little as possible because you don't want to use that chin muscle you want to use this area because that's when the time is moving up and then when the tongue is swinging it's so hard to keep showing the upper teeth that's why this is a great training.Like upper teeth… no… yeah… last one more… show the upper teeth… I don't know how many times I did. Usually I do three times, one two three it's so tiring but if you are feeling some fatigue that's great you are doing the job! If you're not being getting fatigue or difficulty probably you're hiding your upper teeth and you're showing lower teeth, never show lower teeth only upper teeth all the time so highly recommended to do this exercise in front of mirror otherwise you cannot see yourself, mirror is a good friend and of course in addition to this exercise keeping good faith posture by lifting up just a little bit the higher on columns of them up all the time when your face is resting that's very very important of as well.If you're interested in other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download, this yoga paper, book and sugar oil is available, app is available as well. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 25, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Straighten your nose & clear nostrils for clearer nose breathing by scraping nose cartridge risk singhApril 27, 2020 Next Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #1 | Stop resting b**ch face to trick brain to feel positive risk singhApril 24, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lift Up Corners Of The Mouth Naturally | Shark Tank TV Show!", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/25/lift-up-corners-of-the-mouth-naturally-2-demonstrated-at-shark-tank-tv-show"}
How To Create Fuller Lips By Face Yoga Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to create fuller lips by face yoga exercise | No filler Today I'm going to talk about how to create fuller lips. This is one of the classic exercises that my favorite and I still do not every day but I try to do because I'm concerned about fuller lips so every time I look to lipstick or something I notice mine my lips are thinner than before something like that and I do it.First let's relax, relax and then first smile and try to press upper lip and lower it as tight as possible like like this like really… but there's some point when you do I don't want it to create tension I'm going to actually forget about lower lip, worry about, conscious about the upper lip only and forget about lower lip because you don't want to train the lower lip you don't have to really try to help the fuller lower lip because if you have a fuller lower lip and a thinner upper lip which is kind of for everyone but then the people pay attention to more lower side here and then your face looks longer which is not good, with aged face looks longer because everything is not sagging so you don't have more tension on the lower side you want to have more tension on the upper side so you don't really have to try to do anything about the lower lip, lower lip just leave as is and goodbye that's it! You want to train the upper lip you want to build muscle mass on the upper lip only, the way you do is a do it, do that but try really try to move really try to press really train the upper lip only and fingers support so use a finger and try to lift at the corners of the mouth a little bit up… but forget about the lower chin and forget up at the lower lip focus only upper lip and corners of the mouth are a little bit tiny smile mmm… then testicles so another tip so when you do it really try to have a tension on the corners, upper corners of the mouth upper corners of the mouth instead of inner, inner it's easy to have tension outer it's not easy that's why I'd like you to put your finger if you can if you're driving or something you cannot do it that that's okay but if you can use finger using it to support that corners of the mouth it's a little bit up… and telling the brain that we are trading this area touching helps so let's do first to relax and then let's do ten seconds…[Music]Recently, recently I keep doing this the reason why I keep this when I teach in in public and I inhale, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… stop it like this I do this all the time but now everything is online I don't teach in front of many people anymore so I know that too but I teach online so I know that to make it more interesting I started doing like this, like this.Also if you are concerned about asymmetrical it this is a great exercise so make sure you have a mirror in front of you and when you do it really try to make it symmetrical as possible and then do the ten seconds. If you are concerned about thinner lips or asymmetrical lip and this is a great exercise I recommend three to five times per day no more than that that's a maximum and each one is ten seconds. So let's do it again everyone together first relax and then slowly upper lip and lower lip as tight as possible oh one thing I won't forget to tell you inside the mouth upper teeth and lower lip. I cannot speak English today. Upper teeth and lower teeth should not be touching, should not be touching. If touching creating tension you don't have tension in here you wanna have attention on the upper lip only so try to have a little bit gap just very very little one millimeter or something like that's very less than one millimeter maybe very little little little gap in between otherwise you cause tension you get bad TMJ pain or something like that so try to relax all the face just the upper lip so let's do it.Slowly upper lip and lower lip…. that’s it and then reduce the tension we reduce the lactic acid same thing at the body exercise you do some exercise…ughh….ah… all the lactic acid that's actually accumulated and then release…ha… lactic acid is all over the body same thing otherwise it's a you get it unnecessary cody in Japanese muscle tension, muscle rock so we need to we need to release the tension so just one time.By the way I'm thinking about doing grunting face yoga, koko face yoga with me, with you actually so what do you think about this, let me know in the comment below but if are you guys interested in doing some this video zoom so my face and your face and then we do face yoga session and it's gonna be like 10 minutes or 15 minutes it's very quick quick version but then we'll film it and publish on YouTube. If you are interested in the program it standing on published it's gonna be published on our social media and YouTube everything so you cannot be shy, your face is gonna be shown on the camera but if you are up to it please let me know smile at Koko face @ yoga com and I'm thinking about trying some oh yeah new things because we are stuck at home I mean in LA we've been here like weeks so I wanted to do something new, right? so let's do it!So if you’re interested, email me, email us smile at Koko face @ yoga.com and let's talk! As always this is the yoga paper which you can download free download on our website Koko face yoga.com and the book and the sugar oil is available there so check it out! Thank you so much! oh also app is available. certification course is available as well! Thank you so much! See in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 1, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage | Break down muscle tension and make skin elastic risk singhApril 2, 2020 Next How to reduce/prevent nasolabial fold (smile lines, laugh lines) risk singhMarch 28, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Create Fuller Lips By Face Yoga Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/1/how-to-create-fuller-lips-by-face-yoga-exercise-no-filler-no-problem"}
How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage | Break down muscle tension and make skin elastic Hi everyone! Today we're gonna do some exercise make all our cheeks a little bit more fuller. As you can tell we're gonna use their fingers and this is we're gonna do something like that it's called buccal massage ha I got this before this corona virus comes things happened because sometimes I use my finger to my fingers are inside of my client that's why I have this but now I'm using this when I go to supermarket for real but I'm not the only one so I don't people don't think I'm crazy.Anyway we are going to do today some back oh my stars aka no no okay they'll use a finger to put it inside the mouth and doing massage aka buccal massage to make that thin area hollow a little bit more fuller from inside out make sure your fingers are clean they're not too long so round and then or left-hand glove like this see a dimple when some people when they smile they have really cute dimple here so target the dimple area on that from here and inside it's like a sandwich yeah [Music]So what I’m doing like use upper teeth then one two three four five and the one two three four five making circles but when you move your fingers try to move only the inside on the inside, outside is just holding it inside is really really moving or only inside.Let me show you how, so you see that this is a little bit moving but that's not no that's no because I'm I'm really trying to use more inside not outside it still moves outside but that's okay warning I already like this look this or like this you don't want to stretch don't stretch so that's the simple and the the rule is it's supposed to when you do it it's almost like closing your mouth, your mouth is supposed to be closed so it's kind of hard to do it like this it's it's hard to close your mouth by on you're doing this I just try to close it because you don't want to really stretch it when the skin is stretched to this way and then when the skin when the face is melted close that stretched area show us jaws or wrinkle or some unnecessary things you don't want to have.So five areas that we're gonna do first one is here the dimple right and then one two three four five five areas start from the most important starting point which is a dimple area and then one two three four five but it's so hard to not to stretch them up lip lips so be careful let's do it. First one is a deeper area 1 2 3 4 5… and then a little bit deeper right here don't solve those some you don't us are just simply up the try to close your mouth like this you don't a stretch like this and then 1 2 3 4 5… and then here deeper and again you don't you don't have stretch so try to close 1 2 3 4 5… again don't do like this…. it's a lot of work but it's worth it because one of the cause of this hollow is that skin spinning that's one thing but the other thing is a blood circulation is bad it's worse than younger days which happens to everyone then you can do really massage from inside out doing massage from outside is good as well but this is from really literally inside out so that's my favorite.In the past I used to teach yoga… but I don't do anymore I learned this exercise from other masters in Japan but no I don't do anymore I don't teach anymore because I realize that you wanna stretch skin here you wanna search only that is we are concerned about smile line this nasolabial line only here but no I don't do anymore so please don't stop doing it doing it I'm sorry but I keep learning new things that I keep improvement , improving my knowledge and skills and methods so right at this moment I don't do anymore with by using tongue it's a great massage from inside out but you don't want to stretch the skin but this one is not gonna stretch the skin because you're just really literally massaging it that's why I like this.As we are on quarantine and you probably are taking it as well so I'm thinking about doing some really cool fake yoga with you guys so if you are interested in being on this YouTube channel and together with me we're gonna use zoom and it's only like 10 or 15 minutes very very quick one only one problem, we're out no problem, one exercise with a person the participant and then he or she will be next to me virtually of course and then we're gonna fix we're gonna try to do some good exercise for your constants and then the filming is gonna be published in public published on YouTube and everywhere so you have to be okay with that but if you’re okay sign up information in description below so check it out and as always if you haven't get this paper yet this is Koko face yoga.com free download and this is a book and the sugar oil. Thank you very much for watching! See you in the next video! Happy quarantine bye! risk singhApril 2, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create cupid's bow, shorten philtrum and upper lip curl by face yoga exercise risk singhApril 8, 2020 Next How to create fuller lips by face yoga exercise | No filler risk singhApril 1, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/2/how-to-create-fuller-cheeks-with-buccal-massage-break-down-muscle-tension-and-make-skin-elastic"}
Lift Up Corners Of The Mouth Naturally | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #1 | Stop resting b**ch face to trick brain to feel positive Hi everyone! Today I am going to talk about the great exercise and face tip to lift up the corners of the mouth. I am a big fan of good face posture and I really believe in it because even if you do some exercises each exercise is like 10 seconds and 3-5 times per day, you do it per day so if you’re doing bad face posture all the time and corners your talking all the time, you don’t gonna see the result I promise I guarantee that, so it’s very very and more important to keep good face posture, especially the corners of mouth a little bit up because of so many reasons, if you corners of the mouth is a little bit up you are going to reduce to jaw and everything is a little bit up and it’s easy to keep the tongue posture up as well, if you don’t know what tongue posture is check my video, tongue posture and you can find other videos or tutorials but anyway, it is so important to look really positive and nice and especially now under quarantine, self isolation every body having so much stressed by this corners of the mouth a little bit misunderstands that you are happy, you’re positive and you’re fresh! So even if you are stressed, even if you are sad or something just falls the corners of the mouth just a little bit up so that your brain thinks misunderstand that you are happy and then you officially become happy. Make sense?Also, with age, the corners of the mouth starts sagging, that is normal aging symptom because of the muscle deterioration so we need to fight that, we need to fight against the muscle deterioration because yeah, when this tag, and your brain thinks your unhappy and you’re official become grumpy person. Do you want to be grumpy person? I don’t want to be!First, relax your face. Do that grumpy face on purpose. Like this… sag the corners of the mouth on purpose. Like this… stick out your lower lip on purpose like this… This is the worst face on purpose and then up! Use your finger to lift up the corners of the mouth and if you are concerned with the asymmetrical mouth like me use your finger to support, to lift up, to line up, so that it becomes more symmetrical like this…Are you tired? You should feel some fatigue, otherwise it’s not effective, so let’s do it again, like this.. on purpose… This time try to relax the chin because the lower lip is out, it’s easy to cause chin tension, I don’t want to have tension here I want to have tension here only, so let’s be mindful about the chin tension, forget about the chin, like, feel, think the chin is dead or something, so let’s do it…You should feel some fatigue. I always do this example… Drop the wait…lactic acid…is happening in the face, so you should feel some sensation when you release it. So if you’re concern about mouth corners are sagging a little bit, please try this exercise and also more importantly , keep the corners of the mouth a little bit higher when your face is resting, this is your default setting, resting face posture, you don’t want to do resting bitch face, you want to resting bitch face, you want to resting beautiful face.I am going to do another exercise to lift up the corners of the mouth in the next episode, so if you’re interested in stay tuned. If you’re interested in other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper, book and sugar oil is available, app is available as well! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 24, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #2 | Demonstrated at Shark Tank TV show! risk singhApril 25, 2020 Next How to reduce cheek fat | Don't do if you want to gain more fat risk singhApril 22, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lift Up Corners Of The Mouth Naturally | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/24/lift-up-corners-of-the-mouth-naturally-1-stop-resting-bch-face-to-trick-brain-to-feel-positive"}
How To Create Cupid Bow | Shorten Philtrum & Upper Lip Curl Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create cupid's bow, shorten philtrum and upper lip curl by face yoga exercise Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about philtrum and cupid's bow because I must one day looking at my mirror and then where's my cupid's bow it suddenly disappeared I mean it does not suddenly disappear it was gradually disappearing with age and I didn't notice that and I was so shocked I knew some exercise to make more philtrum shorter and cupid's bow more deeper but I didn't do it so now I'm very serious about doing it but it's really happening to me with age it's normal that the cupid's bow disappear and the philtrum become longer that makes you older so let's do the exercise.By the way there are three points in the face that I call it 3D look it should be 3D look 3D look which means the one one of them is to this ball should be like mountain and something what’s the word? mountain and down and up and down and up and down so should be up down after so that's one thing and with age that disappears that's normal and then another thing is that because we lose elasticity and strength, another thing is the upper lip curl like a duck duck duck duck duck let's start with no doubt duck clip the upper lip should be little bit up that disappears well with age because of that loss of a strong muscle another third one is this is ageosol we call it ageosol in Korean, I’m not Korean though, I’m Japanese this lower eyelid not the big eye bag I'm talking about that the one I'm talking about it's a tiny one it's like a smaller tiny eye bag but you should have it with the age that disappears so those 3d look those mountain in outside in those one two three this one is yeah three things well we want to keep it.The exercise of energy today it's inspired or not inspired we're really taught by my follower because I was reading my comments on the YouTube and one of the comments was really brilliant that person gave me idea thank you so much so basically we do it like this shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo… ten times let's do everyone so use that finger to create the Cupid's bow you know check your mirror you don't want to you want to create the Cupid's bow so you use a finger on purpose to support the support the right put that stuff put the muscle in the right position just a little up not just like this but a little bit up because we want to lift up the upper lip to like a curl that clip yeah so like this shh shh… I mean shhh it's a 5000 of 6 7 shh shhh… so the thing I'm doing is very interesting in like last year or something I think it was last year I did a cupid for exercise which I believe it works but this really if you say shh shhh… it's then you can really feel the muscle here if you're just doing like this which I did last year it's hard but if you say I really feel like it's easy to feel that's the difference so thank you so much for the idea I really appreciate it I'm learning by the way I cannot answer all the questions on the YouTube comments so I don't but I read it I read everything and I'm learning so much from you guys I really appreciate it.So let's do shhh shhh shhh… ten times, so use your finger and just create the cupid bow and just a little bit curl up then when you do it don't show your lower teeth don't show me lower teeth just upper teeth and then try to reduce the chin if you have to call chin tension use your finger to prevent chin intention like this or like this you could do like this or this up to you I have a bad habit to cause tension in the chin so I'm gonna use like this… ten times… shh…. like this… did you get it? I read, did you get it I really hope you feel the muscle here if you say shhh… this is genius it was like aha moment when I was reading a comment so the point use your finger, create Cupid's bow and a little bit curl up to make the lip a little bit up and then just shhhhh 10 times and then you could you could do shoo… 10 times and then shh… like 10 seconds keep it long time so we I recommend like three to five times per day depending on how concerning you are on the philtrum area so I tried really stirs and you need to do more because I'm so concerned about this.As always if you are interested in other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper and the book and sugar oil and app is available and you exciting contents probably we are trying to publish on some media so stay tuned with us! Thank you so much! till the next video! Bye! risk singhApril 8, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Every time you eat, drink, speak, even yawn, move (lift up) your ? to build muscles and lift up risk singhApril 10, 2020 Next How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage | Break down muscle tension and make skin elastic risk singhApril 2, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Create Cupid Bow | Shorten Philtrum & Upper Lip Curl", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/4/8/how-to-create-cupids-bow-shorten-philtrum-and-upper-lip-curl-by-face-yoga-exercise"}
How To Reduce, Prevent Nasolabial Fold - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to reduce/prevent nasolabial fold (smile lines, laugh lines) Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about nasolabial lines. Nasolabial lines aka smile line or a laugh line they're very common concern for so many people and actually it's easy to fix and I've done this kind of video before but I wanted to do it again because I'm up to date and also because now I'm under quarantine and you may be as well everyone is so stressed Oh wanting to do something positive and create some fun because YouTube is a cool thing you can do watch from home and yeah so let's do it.Before we go to the exercise let me talk about why this happens two main reasons commonly the one of the things is that this is like we do that a lot of facial expression because we smile or talk or eat or something and then the muscle especially here become tense, muscle tension so we need to break down the muscle tension and occluding about this area so you can do from inside out, inside out so massage is just those things is great but now because viruses and you're not encouraged to touch your face easily unless you wash your face and you wash your hands right so it's not easy but this exercise it's like a facial massage and basically you use your tongue, top of the tongue yeah massage this area from inside out so you know in then you can break down the muscle tension which is the big course of nasolabial line.Another reason that this happens with age, not necessary that the cheeks cheek muscle start sagging we call it cheek bone meltdown with osteoporosis and gravy and no using muscle because this is originally sleeping muscle start sagging sagging sagging sagging and then what happens because it's sagging you get more lines here if you have blood pull out chick fluff sleeping cheeks and it's especially that then you get more lines so two things we're gonna do today, one is break down the muscle tension from inside out by using it up tip of the tongue, next one is cheek bone cheek lift it's not bone but the muscles around the cheeks we're gonna lift up the cheek so that you will reduce the nasolabial line.One thing I want to warn or kind of alert is that some people are not smiling enough and because sometimes they say I don't want to cause this laugh line… that's not a good idea because if you don't smile you know you're not gonna use this muscle so it's important to keep smiling and laughing and do your laughter the better you just need to use this muscle yeah then you have more fuller, higher good cheek bone and cheeks and then you know you are gonna see more nasolabial line.Anyway let's do the tongue exercise so stick your tongue so use your tongue tip of the tongue is touching here and then making one two three four five in the reverse one two three four five one two three four five reverse that's it how easy is that so let me do that again with my tongue.Do you see that it's moving here… some are warning I don't want to move here mm-hmm I want to do here no here no here here here no here no here not here but here only the top because that's the beginning of that nasolabial line so if you don't know where it is check your mirror or your phone on the selfie mode and check where the the nasolabial line coming from and I get lots of questions what about this area it's still lying happening on my case don't worry about it just focus on here you don't want to stretch here because stretch skin show us wrinkle when you close your mouth so just what are sets here here only not here not here so even if you have a deep one this is a deeper spot so top hole target that area and then another question I've been teaching long enough to get many remember many question n so another common question what about I have on lines here not here but here that's fine I mean in general I don't think this line makes you look older but if you're concerned that means you are smiling too, I'm gonna exaggerate but you are smiling like this instead of… see the difference? I'm exaggerating but like that you're pulling, this muscles being pulled stop to the side when you smile instead of using this one so that's another thing so I would say you try to smile to more up instead to the side, that’s one thing and there is a solutions or tips and the exercise that you can do but that would be too long so I'm not going to go there maybe next time, let me know if you have any requests yeah to find the solution but anyway yes so use the tongue tip of the tongue then….Remember another common question, I cannot make circle… don't worry don't make circle you don't have to circle is better but if you cannot go just massage beep-beep-beep-beep-beep just we go that's it.This exercise is really easy and some people might be really quick result even just doing one time if you have deep line here so please try and check before after because you might see the result.Then let's talk about the next exercise, cheek squat so um you know cheek squat with some one of the participants of my session she named it I thought we saw it so really cool idea to call it call it cheek squat or squat cheek, cheek squat, it’s same as butt when you do the back if you want to lift up your butt you're gonna do squat right and then squat same thing lift up and down and and and other same thing so in your case keep it keep the cheeks up and then hold it. So let's do it again so let’s relax okay then show me upper teeth , feel the cheeks up and tuck the lower inside and then try to close your mouth so I learned yesterday we were teaching yesterday and then one of the participants, it was hard for it was very hard for her to do this exercise and then realize because maybe she was doing like okay she couldn't hide your lower teeth because I always say don't show me lower teeth right? You don't know the reason check out their other videos. I'm no big fair number lower teeth because so many it anti-hazing reason and shake it up but she couldn't do it she couldn't hide it then you realize okay then what about just smile and then put the upper teeth on top of lower teeth and close your mouth but still keep smiling I think that's easier for so many people so that you don't have to show lower teeth and you can really use this cheek muscle and relax to muscle or to lower face muscle which is important.So let's do that again.. show upper teeth at least 8 or 10 or even 12 they curl up okay and then tack larger over or if that is too difficult do not you don't have to tack it just close your mouth and smile…before yesterday I would just I was teaching and I was doing I open but that's a little bit difficult so I think it's better to close your mouth but still smile, like this, then feel the cheek muscle and show and upper teeth and then then one two three four five six but if you can you tuck your lip but if you cannot that's okay.Even just one time I feel it. Same as butt squat this is a cheek squat so used to feel some kind of sensation after you release it otherwise it is not effective, you're not doing strong enough so when you do when you're holding something like that when you ah that happens all the lactic acids is moving around the body, the same thing should happen when you release it, you should feel like huh things just happen but for real like I'm really trying to use cheeks so when I release it I feel tired even now I'm talking to you and I'm trying not to show my lower teeth when I'm talking so I'm really using a lot of cheek muscle so after I filmed it I always get cheeks are tired my cheeks are really tired but that's a good sign because that means I'm using a chick muscle.So two things one is a massage thing by using your tongue which is my favorite because it's super discreet and you can do whatever you like people what people are not gonna notice it and other thing is a cheek squat exercise and there are some more like an outer cheek middle cheek and they're many but those are more advanced at the basics step one is this cheeks one it's a basic one I honestly I do everyday still no because of really big fan of big fan of cheek, high cheek, fuller cheek.Another tip bonus, I got this so that I can use my finger into my client mouth sometimes but now I'm using this is not when I go outside because of corona virus anyway, use your finger yeah sandwich - there’s a skinny part and a fat skinny and a fat see the difference skinny and the fat so you put put the thumb into the fat area…. same thing same circle but try to hold it and they move only the thumb move only that inside so that it's more we are breaking that literally directly breaking down the muscle tension from inside out so this is the same thing as a time but if you don't understand or if you cannot use tongue easily and then then use this this one first to massage the area to make it more soft and elastic and then use the tongue and it might be easier for you of course you gotta do both side, one morning when you do this you don't know you don't wanna stretch like this you don't open the up mouth should be closed some back massage you that's only a dentist, only for medical reasons no for beauty for beauty you never know no no no.I hope this exercise will help you enjoy your quarantine time or even if you not quarantine, you might be having challenge because of the world challenging situation so hope you yeah I hope you this help you feel more relaxed and enjoyable these days and anyway check my website don't forget to check my website Koko face yoga .com and free download this yoga paper and the book and sugar oil is available and our website in Amazon as well and what else app is available we actually add a new cool feature that every time you show lower teeth you have some food mark and that's exciting and other content, face yoga 101 is coming up soon so stay tuned. Thank you so much!Stay safe be positive and keep smiling because we need to develop more mouth or cheek muscle right? okay Thank you Bye! risk singhMarch 28, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to create fuller lips by face yoga exercise | No filler risk singhApril 1, 2020 Next The Less You Move The Better For Anti-Aging risk singhMarch 26, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Reduce, Prevent Nasolabial Fold - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/28/how-to-reduceprevent-nasolabial-fold-smile-lines-laugh-lines"}
5 Warnings To Face Yogis With Braces | Face Yoga Advice Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 warnings to face yogis with braces Hi everyone! Today we're gonna talk about braces I've never personally done it but we have a special guest with us braces and we talked about it she's doing face yoga like two months and then we noticed that some things that some kind of warning about doing face yoga if you're doing braces, so…Hi everybody, my name is Sakura and I've been doing face yoga for about two months now and I have braces uh second round actually how did from about a year and and maybe like two months right now and I noticed some difficulties when being face yoga with braces so your Koko is here to help me… yeah… Let me know what not to do to keep my skin nice and tight.Yes so five things that we're gonna talk about not to do what to do!Number one, so this is kind of a hard to say but if you're considering, if you're doing braces and then this part is like reading stressed philtrum products like this stretch because of this foreign object yeah on the upper and lower so the skin is gonna be stretched but in general you don't want to stretch the skin because stretched skin show us saggy or two strikes and you lose out cupid ball or those yeah get jowl or those kind of things mm-hmm so it's like a trade off to be honest. Yeah and just gonna add to that like cuz of the braces I feel like it's a little bit popping out a little bit yeah I've done some mouthpiece when I'm sleeping and I feel like this is really stretchy here and I do like that mm-hmm yeah so but fixing teeth alignment is important yeah so if you have a choice I mean if you're young people I guess that it comes back because the skin muscle is more elastic but if you are more mature people I don't know you might want to think about some other so like I I don't know about that I…have you heard ALF? One of my clients told me about it what braces but no you pretty inside yeah instead of outside so if it's inside a come mm-hmm in my it should not bother too much right okayNumber two, rubbing habit because I know this so she's sometimes day like that I do too about like not this much you like them okay mmm-hmm what did you do that so I do it because these are the braces I'm feel like right here can I like get caught a little bit I'm gonna like reset by doing like and kind of like try to reset my lip back like an obstruction here which this is kind of like you know my insecurities I don't want this to be long so it's kind of counter productive? But you don't have to because you know you're already stretching by having them a foreign object and then it's plus you do it so just be aware of not not doing because you don't have to.Number three, so I notice you like moving around the time kind of way everywhere yeah yeah why did you do that so I do that because I get you know food stuck in my teeth and I use my tongue to like try to get it out you know but since I want to you know make a habit of not stretching my skin what I do now is I have toothpick and I try to use toothpick to get my food out and I use on like floss I'm gonna try to get the food offset of using my tongue and like stretching my skin out and damaging my tongue. That's great idea that's great yeah cuz you're honest it's not just feel time but though you don't wanna stretch here mm-hmm you don't wanna stretch job I'll go all the way here you don't wanna stretch here but this nasolabial line thing but not yeah yeah and to be honest I used to, I might have used to teach doing this kind of all over thing because I learned how to do it in Japan but now I disagree with it so yeah if you follow me don't.Number 4, it’s kind of same thing but if you want to do the nasolabial exercise reaching to the beginning of nasolabial is like kind of hard right for you yeah I still touch with my braces because I'm then you know you don't wanna damage the time you know one bleed so instead of using tongue you could use finger sound which you see there's a skin tempered in fact thin and flat do you know this is and this is the fact we are more fat so you sound with the flat like like reading and hold it and then one two three four five when you do it I want you to move only inside so like one two three four five and reverse one two three four five and of course the other side there are two reduced nasolabial line of the beginning you don't wanna stretch here your here just here at the beginning yeah because you cannot tongue.Number five, shiatsu technique so you guys might know that I did the face shiatsu technique but you cannot do it really do the shiatsu around the mouth because you don't want to damage that what's the word for this? the pink area inside the mouth? it's not the gum but I guess, member under then yeah this first yeah great here like you don't want to damage inside of the mouth so don't do some shiatsu technique that I teach if you have if you have braces wait till you're done with braces because you don't want to damage, safety first. Good to know cuz I've been doing this and this…Isn’t it painful? I was ignoring it, I was like I want to do shiatsu yeah my face but now I notice I'm not gonna do it until my yeah.. she's gonna be done the braces when?next year? on end of the year good so you can do next year, okay! risk singhMarch 20, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous The Less You Move The Better For Anti-Aging risk singhMarch 26, 2020 Next 5 Face Posture tips / move facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities risk singhMarch 19, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Warnings To Face Yogis With Braces | Face Yoga Advice", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/20/5-warnings-to-face-yogis-with-braces-earlier-you-start-the-better-as-the-muscles-are-more-elastic"}
The Better For Anti-Aging | 5 Facial Activities To Be Aware Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account The Less You Move The Better For Anti-Aging Hi everyone, today I'm gonna talk about one particular area in the face that you should not move the less you use the less you move here the better for anti-aging the answer is Tim the less you move here the better because of so many reason but basically this is over working muscle this is sleeping muscle and this is like when the old working muscles over working working working working…. and then it's really playing down everything is being pulled down so you get the cheekbone is gonna meltdown the salabial is gonna be really pulled down so you get more line and more jaw, more jaw line here, saggy jaw line here and it's like you get tension here and it's not good.I just got Brut so if you are using the jaw line like the open open open see there's something like this cushion this cushion, this one is gonna kind of a get lots of friction it gets thinner the thinner you have the more pain you get like TMJ so it's really important to not try not to move the jaw in your daily facial activities. So I'm gonna explain five common actions or activity on there on your face that you might be doing and open using your chin excessively and how to stop it.Number one, when you are eating if you get some a lot of stuff and then and then open ah… this is very very important in all the five things, very very important if you have TMJ pain especially if you have too much TMJ pain even if you don't have it very very important if you have beautiful skin and a face all the time anyway if you bite a big stuff become mount and then you have to open your mouth bigger and using this muscle extensively I feel a little bit movement here and the less movement you use here the better, so my suggestion is use chopsticks or something if you can't do chops that's fine but try to move that take out the smaller pieces and then so that you don't have to open your mouth bigger so for that if you eat thick burger you have to do like in this is not a good idea even though I like burgers.Next one is brushing your teeth so here's your open bigger unnecessarily it's an SSL you you can close your mouth and your wash it I mean brush it, without moving jaw without moving without opening your mouth too big and also same thing as this flossing, I cannot sleep without flossing, I’m obsessed but I tried to close, close my mouth when flow, it's hard it's hard I still open my mouth a lot because I have to put my fingers inside but it's still it's hard to stop but ah hahaha this is easy but I'm using this muscle too much so it's hard but just try to not to open your mouth a little bit less movement the better.Number three, laughing so useful laughs like ahahahahahahaha using so much so instead of using this muscle try to laugh here ahahahaha, instead of ahahahah… I mean maybe maybe you're not doing this much but just try to move more here instead of here when you laugh or when you smile.Number four, this is important speak because everybody speaks not everyone but a lot of people speak I speak too so let's do this use. Your finger put your here and then aeiaou…. so the movement of the cheeks should be aeiaou… bad example is it aei aei… this is bad it is good but aei is not good and aou aou try to use more philtrum here upper lip to like make a dark lip aou is better than aou… using too much muscle in the chin yeah so try to reduce the chin tension it's much as possible when you speak and it's so hard I'm still learning about this but I feel like my lower teeth is less showing the better it's still a symmetrical that bothers me but I I think it's getting better.Last one is yawning, so yawning like… when use when you sleep is tired or something… and there's so much tension pressure is happening here it's really bad and then I start doing what when I when I yawn… move that tension from bottom up here from the chin to the cheeks instead of, I still open mouth but not as big as before in I stroke it's so weird that if I'm trying to your and then again it's a very very strange looking but people are not really paying attention to you unless you're they are carefully looking at you so if I'm just doing the gym or I don't know walking or cafe or something I just do it because I don't want to waste my chin I don't want to use my chin tension I want to be beautiful so I don't care how I look just it's like just two seconds or one second right so who cares? Your face is more your face is more important so the five activity that you might be using too much on the chin, so 5 facial, 5 facial activities that you might be excessively using this gym muscle that you should stop and I how to stop it so the eating thing eating thing or as 1 and brushing your teeth and how to speak and yawning and what else laughing laughing maybe laughing you you're not already doing that but you might be doing a so I just wanted to introduce.Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested in other exercises, visit Koko face yoga.com free download this yoga paper and the sugar oil and the book is available as well and our app is available some really good contents are the same contents are on aired on what's that fire TV so please leave leave review because relaunched and there's no review yet, it’s the app you will need to download on fire TV. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhMarch 26, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to reduce/prevent nasolabial fold (smile lines, laugh lines) risk singhMarch 28, 2020 Next 5 warnings to face yogis with braces risk singhMarch 20, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "The Better For Anti-Aging | 5 Facial Activities To Be Aware", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/26/the-less-you-move-your-the-better-for-anti-aging-5-facial-activities-to-be-aware-of"}
Cheek 5 Scenes | Face Exercise - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account cheek 5 scenes Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about 5 sins in our regular lives that you should be really try to lift up your cheeks because cheekbones cheek muscles are sleeping in general I think I posted this on our Instagram if you have followed our Instagram please do because there's very interesting information there too but anyway the point is over our key muscle and sleeping muscle so chicks are sleeping and this is overarching so in my big video recently I did a video how to why you should relax gym and how to do that but when when the chin is relaxed where's where is the face tension is going to be the answer is chicks, because when chicks are up lift it up then you get less than this salavial line you look come on fuller I mean you look more positive fresh and younger yeah and everything is up so it's it's kind of underrated over look I think but it's very very important to try to keep fuller and higher chicks all the time.There are so many exercise for chick areas and I still do that but in addition if you keep doing the right track using the right muscles for the right purposes in our regular lives in the 5 cents I'm going to talk about you might not need even exercise so let's do it.First one is when your faces face posture I mean when your face is resting face posture keep good good face post or not bad face posture but a good one so the basic is you probably know this but tongue posture right? Tuck the back of the tongue is should be really tucked to that upper lip yeah so that's really tension when that is dissection it's happening up you get more tension in the cheek area which I like so it's easy to relax the chin muscle and imagine you're doing the good post good to face posture when your face is resting which is so many hours per day right so that's really good cheek lift static exercise.Number two, when you're talking when you're speaking so you should not, basic number one you should not shallow like this when you're talking that's basic tip because we feel sure largest you playing it down so that's not good into too much you're losing here too much so always upper teeth only and actually exciting news not yet but we are working on the app for the cocoa face yoga app is gonna have a feature to detect your lower teeth so every time you show lower teeth on the tip, on the app you're gonna become zombie or something like that so that's exciting project that we're working on stay tuned I'm gonna announce that and also…aeiou I did video about this before so check how to speak on my YouTube channel if you wanna know more but summary is use a finger then aei, aou so when you say aeiaou never show lower teeth and if I exaggerate the fingers are like aei aou… [Music] fingers should be moving I mean you don't move the finger but just feel the movement of the area cheek area so instead of bad example aei aei aei sliding to the side or little bit down goes a bad example so always use a finger to make sure that you're stroking we're able to say aei aou, always up up up.Next one, yawning so when you're tired sleepy or something people do I do do…ahhh…the weird face happens and I realize that this yawning it has a lot of lots of tension lots of tension is happening when you're when you do yawn and very often chin is damp Joe is moving yours muscles are moving damn right this is extremely bad if you have TMJ pain or if you can asymmetrical chin or jaw areas it's not good so the solution is when you yawn this is so weird but it works. Like this in the smile kind of a really young with the chips instead of using Joe so weird and I was I was history to do in public before but now I'm kind of used to it I do all the time even in public and I'm sure people are looking at me if they are looking at me they think I'm strange but that's okay because I'm strange in a good way so I yeah I I really don't care what other people think of me because my I wanna I'm here my about my face more than yeah other things so every time you yawn next time you you don't try to yeah I mean you don't have to do this obviously but I didn't try to you a little bit but much less like if I just say anymore if this is like 10% 100% for regular one is a hundred percent force is coming here and then if I hear it maybe it's like fifty percent is reduced or something like that so it's really helping because I don't know how many times you're on per day.Number four, chewing, chewing lift lift up chewing system so when you eat something smaller bite you don't have big bite if you have if you get big bite like mocha on people you have to open your mouth bigger and you use jaw muscle, chin muscle too much so smaller bite and then bite bite bite bring it to the both thigh back of the teeth and then… bite bite bite bite bite bite with chicks not with mouth with the cheeks. Imagine how many times we chew every day I don't know how many times but every time I do if I'm not in public I do big big one we are version but if I'm I'm in public I do just a little bit but still I mean I'm conscious about the chin movement so it's really working.Last one, smiling so lots of people think smiling not lots but some people think smiling calls nasalabial line which is true but if you don't smile you're gonna lose cheek muscle so it's very very important to keep smiling and yeah you just if you're concerned about this in this salabial line you just have to do you just want to do some exercise that I I think yeah just search smile line ironing or something like that on my YouTube we call it smile line ironing uh-huh not gonna talk about that but smiling it's so important so every time you smile a lot all the time or something like that you you should feel fatigue in the cheeks otherwise you're not using it some people might smile either I have a habit to check people's facial expression all the time I mean that's my job right? So I recently I was looking at some some of the profile she's beautiful but she was smiling like yeah yeah if it could saturate it should be up no so yeah actually I'm seeing her probably soon so I'm gonna tell that she's a doctor though by the way do you have many opportunities talk in front of people or keep talking talking talking like this YouTube or something like that anyone because I do all the time and I talk to in front of people all the time and then after I've stopped talking even now right now I feel fatigue here because I'm really trying to use this muscle I am sure to show upper teeth all the time so if you feel fatigue after talking that's good if you feel fatigue on the mouth area that's not good so that's indication that your true you are able to use the upper cheek muscle or muscle when you’re talking.As always if you're interested in our exercises check my website Koko [email protected] to free download the yoga paper sugar oil and the book are available on the website and app is developing we have subscription issues and it's supposed to be fixed so please try if you have trouble please email us smile at koko face @ yoga.com or delete the app the phone turn on the phone and re-download the app and please try I'm really hoping it's work it would work and yeah the contents are available on fire TV, working on Roku so your review on fire TV would be really appreciated and also what else Google, Google business I started Google business and there's no review yet because it's new so your review, we appreciate it there and I think that's it! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Browgasm Relax tension with face yoga, Shiatsu, Release, Guasha, Abd fascia release! risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Next 5 hacks/tips to keep mouth closed while sleeping | How to stop mouth breathing while sleeping risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Cheek 5 Scenes | Face Exercise - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/29/cheek-5-scenes"}
Why You Should NOT Wear Heavy Earring/Glasses Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why you should NOT wear heavy earring glasses Hi everyone today I'm going to talk about some accessory items that you might be wearing and it can be skin damaging. One of the item that I hear from my, the comments in the description on YouTube they're asking about glasses I mean not this kind of sunglasses but the regular glasses I don't have regular glasses reading glasses so I don't know but for example if you are wearing some heavy glasses reading glasses not this sunglass but reading glasses and if it's heavy it can be damaging because the weight is on the soft tissue that cartridge is softer than regular bone right so if you keep wearing it it's like really push pushing down down down down so that area might have a little bit like a bent or some kind of more not smooth or more flat so if you are wearing some heavy glasses you might want to change it to lighter one.Another thing I'm concerned about is a heavy earrings like this, I mean this is not that heavy as other people use but some people sometimes people is really huge earrings or pierce and the thing and the thing bothers me is that if the item is very very heavy if this is like really heavy and then this ear sag right? and what what happens is when this is really sagging what do you think saggy or no saggy, saggy or no saggy which one looks younger? no saggy or saggy? When this is sagging I think it's like the ears are sagging on the both side of your head and then that makes you look more saggy face. Same thing it's just a visual effect but if something is sagging down down if there's a arrow on here your face look saggy it's just a visual thing but this and then if you keep wearing something heavy, this is like being and a saggy and then you look saggy.I heard that in Chinese facial something if you have big ear means you're you are rich or you're successful or something so that's good but for beauty purpose that I teach I not a big fan of big big ear because it should be if you have big ones you can look saggy and your face look bigger too so I do not suggest wearing a big earring.If you want to wear it for some special occasion just limit the the timing the time you wear and just as quick as quickly as possible you take it off so that you do not have a heavy stuff here.Please ask me any questions on the comment below so that I can ask in video I cannot answer individual questions on my writing there but I read everything and I try to answer on the video so as usual if you're interesting other exercises visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the Yoga paper, sugar oil and the book is here and we are publishing lots of really good useful information on our Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and the app is launched App Store, Android in the fire TV so on and what else rock is coming up so please stay tuned. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reprogram jaw muscles to make your chin and jaw lines more symmetrical by assessing the jaw movement risk singhFebruary 21, 2020 Next Why you should relax chin | How to relax chin for antiaging | Reduce wrinkles and sagging risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Why You Should NOT Wear Heavy Earring/Glasses", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/18/why-you-should-not-wear-heavy-earringglasses-visual-effect-matters-for-younger-looking-face"}
Reprogram Jaw Muscles Make Your Chin & Jaw Lines Symmetrical Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Reprogram jaw muscles to make your chin and jaw lines more symmetrical by assessing the jaw movement Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how to reprogram our muscle and kind of bomb related to create more symmetrical gyms metrical office I have done some exercises to make more facing symmetrical face so if you're interested in places art symmetrical face or how to fix a symmetrical face on my YouTube channel but this is different this is how to reprogram the movement of your facial muscles and the reason why I realized this is important is when I have I have asymmetrical chin and then if I if I open my mouth a little bit bigger, I don't know if you can see but it's it's worse ah-ha-ha-ha this there's just like a scar looking thing happening so I blend this to my plastic surgery failure they are experienced when I was 27 so it's a long time ago more than like 13 years ago but then realize that it's not just that it's it's personally because of that but another personally I that this is happening because of my bad bad facial expression habit but a symmetrical face posture is metrical body posture although all kind of things it's not just a plastic surgery failure and then because when you open your mouth a little bit bigger its worsens and it's not just me because I talk with so many people who concern about asymmetrical face face when they open your mouth bigger the asymmetry become worse.So why not change, why not fix the muscle movement try to reprogram the muscle movement when you've opened mouths a little bit bigger and then you will have more symmetrical, symmetrical muscles and I think that will that will solve the problem I think.Two exercises we're gonna do one is use your finger like this then the front like this and this first relax your face then body is straight spine straight shoulder down if you're crossing legs do not do that because that's not good and I need spine straight and then slowly slowly slowly open your mouth so this is the first experiment!I mean the evaluation process this is not exercise this is evaluation so I would like you to do very very slowly in the feel the movement of the muscle and I mean the bone feel the movement yeah let's do it again. I noticed that it's moving a little bit just loose which means this side they started moving a little bit so that means it's not symmetrical that means the muscles are not moving equally on the both side.So now let's do the exercise we do the same thing five times slowly but this time, now because we know that our bad movement try to fix it this time so let's do it again… slower the better so let's do 1 2 3 4 5… okay like this so and this is not quick fix you cannot fix because you have that you develop the habit to move the asymmetrical movement for the past many years so it's no easy fix but if you keep doing it on a regular basis I think your, we can reprogram reprogram the muscle.So let's the second exercise it's the same thing but this time a little bit upper face like this and then that this part is touching like a cheekbone area and then all over the face yeah and head like this and then relax then slowly open your mouth this is X this is the first evaluation evaluation process. Now I notice that this one is moving more so now we're gonna do five times and I need to try to move this side so that it moves more symmetrical and straight down instead of moving around so let's do it one two up, number one, two, three, four, five, if you're very very aware I'm if I'm very very conscious about the movement, I can make it a little bit more straight but if I'm not thinking about it it's just moving not not this but just a little bit like this just like this so that's a sign that that's how we can reprogram reprogram the muscle movement.One thing I would like you to be careful is if you have TMJ pain and don't open too much because that's worsens and you we don't want to overwork the over working muscle here and you shouldn't so you should not feel pain you should not just fast if you do fast you don't feel the movement so slower the better to some extent so ya know some if you have a clicking sound which is common and I actually not this demo when I was doing yesterday I was I felt a little bit sound not clicking but just a little bit some kind of a moving sound but this time this one I didn't feel it so that means really I'm using this side more than this right so that's how I I know but anyway so if you keep doing it on a regular basis you should see good results so please try and coz it's so easy right just put it like this and like this and then go five times our first experiment , evaluation and then five time slowly that's it!Thank you very much for watching! If you entered in other exercises there are so many exercise more in coming up and on the YouTube channel and if you interesting the paper please check it out my website Koko face yoga com - free download this yoga paper in the book in the sugar oil is available there as well in up is available the this content is available on fire TV and working on roku so your review of there will be really appreciated. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhFebruary 21, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 hacks/tips to keep mouth closed while sleeping | How to stop mouth breathing while sleeping risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Next Why you should NOT wear heavy earring glasses risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reprogram Jaw Muscles Make Your Chin & Jaw Lines Symmetrical", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/21/reprogram-jaw-muscles-to-make-your-chin-and-jaw-lines-more-symmetrical-by-assessing-the-jaw-movement"}
5 Tips To Keep Mouth Closed While Sleeping - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 hacks/tips to keep mouth closed while sleeping | How to stop mouth breathing while sleeping Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about five tips that you could try to keep your mouth closed while sleeping. But before we talk about that let me explain why we should care about it, so one of the main generic coming under general reason is that if the mouth is open you're probably you doing mouth breathing right instead of nose breathing, nose breathing breathing is better because there's like a filter here so that you do not get like bad viruses in easily but if you breathe some bad virus or something from is from mouth it goes straight to lungs without any filter so you get more sick especially nowadays we're talking about viruses so we want to be careful about that especially outside you want to do nose breathing instead of mouth breathing but anyway we're gonna talk about while sleeping today. Another reason I really want to keep my mouth shut while sleeping is that the when the mouth is open this is stressed a little bit stress right? but even even if you think it's a very little stretch think about it seven to eight hours per night and every single day it's straight straight straight so then it's accumulated to bigger stress from when your face is when you're awake and when your mouth is closed and then you get jaw because the stretch skin has nowhere to go and show a jaw or some marina I know something like that who wants that I don't want that so that's another reason that I really need to keep my mouth shut when I'm sleeping and I I have been successful for a long time I thought but sometimes I realized that oh it's open when I really when I when I wake up sometimes well it's close sometimes it's open it's a struggle then that's why I wanted to do this video.Number one, classic tool that so many people recommend and so many people have their successful cases with the tape so I don't have tape so I'm gonna demonstrate with this I'm not sponsored but I like this press and sale because it's really sales but it doesn't have to be this so you get some kind of a medical tape ideally so that you don't get irritation rather than just regular tape so you get in my case I do like this and then cut it. I mean you don't have to use this but any medical tape is fine so you could tape your like this or like this I like doing this so that when I wake up my lips are so moisturized the tape idea is very very popular and high has a high success rate so if you're very concerned about it I think you should try it and that's my favorite too.Number two, so this is new one this is what I kind of discovered realized recently I wanted to share you guys because tape I know it people yeah it's it's a like a common technique but the program about tape is that sometimes it's annoying sometimes I'm so sleepy and I don't want to deal with doing the tape it's kind of uncomfortable can be uncomfortable so I don't want to do it sometimes because I'm tired so sleepy and then what I realize is that there's a pillow here I'm gonna get my pillow right now just I'll be back. Okay I'm back so this is my back sleeping support pillow that I've been using for years more than three years I've been liking it if you're like if you want to know what it is check my link in the description below on the amazon amazon.com/shop/kokohayashi that's a new store that I still front of mine anyway so I realized something when I'm sleeping like this if it's like this you see neck is stretched and then it's easy to keep my mouth open if it's like this but then if i'm a little bit the chin tuck tuck my chin a little bit it's easy to keep my mouth shut so when you sleep you don't wanna do like this because you're on a closed wrinkle here the horizontal one you don't want to do that just a little bit tuck your chin just a little bit and then it's so much much easier to keep the mouth shut I seriously was why didn't I know this before because it's so easy to keep in my mouth that's why I don't use this anymore right now I mean I'm still experimenting, I might change my mind in the future but so far so good just keep your head a little bit tuck your chin in just a little bit not too much because you don't want to have your bad wrinkle or bad breathing habit but just a little bit in and then when that tuck is no tuck is what chuck chin is tuck and then you cannot open your mouth seriously I, I was surprised I tried to open my mouth why my chin is the little bit tucked and then I cannot move my mouth so yeah so that is a very interesting discovery that I've been recommending to people recently.I read the article if you sleep on the side, side it's easier to keep your mouth shut but I don't know I don't like that because you're gonna get asymmetrical face and that will cause more worse symptoms that you don't like so I don't like that I really really like this pillow to keep my own yeah back sleeping is the best for me.Number three, nose exercise so why do we need to do nose breathing exercise because if the nose is congested or something wrong with it or a weak muscle here and then that's why maybe you might be doing mouth breathing that could be the reason I mean it really depends on the person that you yeah but if you think the reason why you doing the mouth breathing even when you awake and then it might be the reason, nose, we could nose muscle might be the reason nose is congested if if that's the case it's really important to try to less congested and clear the air here and also there are some exercises.First use your mouth no mouth finger to hold it could be like this or here I like doing this better than this because I don't want to have acne here and so like this and then exhale their inhale from the balls… and the other side and then this time we're gonna do both at the same time with our finger but the same thing inhale… half like this but this way we are training North muscle which is kind of sleeping especially if you are doing a mouth breathing nose muscle is sleeping so we need to wake it up to activate the muscle here so that you can do more nose breathing rather than mouth breathing.This exercise applies to people who are doing the nose bridge mouth breathing when you are awake so if that's the case first step is fixed stop doing mouth breathing when you awake if you want to keep your mouth shut when you're sleepingI personally I have not tried it but I found some tool like some nose Dee dilator or to make your nose breathing better more clear and help the nose breathing there are some tools so you can Amazon that there are some tools put inside or topical sticker - like a menthol something and you can breathe better or something like that I have not personally tried it but if you're interested in check it out.Number four, this is not immediate solution this is a long term solution but it's very very important so I would like to talk about it. One of the reasons that mouth is open could be the mouth muscle is weak so we want to train that but there's so many exercises for lip muscle but my super favorite exercise I mean it's not really exercise but the keep good face posture by 3 creating tiny smile just a little bit up just a little bit up all the time when you are awake goes when you're sleep I cannot you cannot control the motion the movement so when you are awake just try to create a little bit tiny smile all the time and that helped that create a more activated more muscle around the mouth so you can you can keep closing the mouth muscle.Number five, this is not my favorite I don't think it works on me but for some people in my work so I would like to try, get something like this it doesn't have to be this run but I got this from amazon and then it's like a chimp supporter so just wear like this and you can control the size but and then sleep, to me it's very uncomfortable so I cannot do this but I read article that some people like this more than anything more than tape for keep mouth your shut when you're sleeping because it's like really posting up it's hard to open the mouth if you are wearing this chin supporter pant or something like that so to me this is very uncomfortable I don't think I can sleep with this but if you want to try it please try it just um maybe research search, I don't know face supporter, gym supporter band or something like that.okay so those are five tips or tricks or hacks that you might want to try if you want to cross your mouth keep closing when you're sleeping and also I forget to tell you about one of the reason why you want to keep close mouth is that uh you don't want have bad breath you will get dry mouth when you awake if it’s open so you get more bad breath in the morning which I don't want to, who wants? so that's another reason.Anyway thank you so much for watching where it's a paper the yoga paper oh it's here as always check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download this paper to check other exercises and lots of new and success are coming up as well so stay tuned and what else,sugar oil and the book and app is available, the contents these contents are available on fire TV and rock quiz coming up also I studied the Google business so if you can review there they'll be really appreciated I appreciate it because there's no review yet, I just I just started so yeah and see in the next video! Thank you so much! Bye! risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous cheek 5 scenes risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Next Reprogram jaw muscles to make your chin and jaw lines more symmetrical by assessing the jaw movement risk singhFebruary 21, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips To Keep Mouth Closed While Sleeping - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/29/5-hackstips-to-keep-mouth-closed-while-sleeping-how-to-stop-mouth-breathing-while-sleeping"}
5 Face Posture Tips / Move Facial Muscles Correctly Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 Face Posture tips / move facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities Hi everyone! Today I'd like to talk about the beauty of face posture, as you may know or you may not know I did face yoga exercises my face your instructor exercises, exercise are important to wake up sleeping muscle in the face to lift up the skin and relax overworking muscleo for wrinkle reduction but I suggest you do exercises open it little by little throughout the day and in total it should be like 3 to 5 minutes per day maximum in my case my suggestion so if you're doing bad face posture that facial expression happens all the time you don't going to take a result that's why it's very very critical and I believe more important to keep good face posture and do not doing bad facial expression habit rather than exercising I mean of course exercise is important both are complimentary also equally important because it really helps to move the facial muscles correctly but the point is to move facial muscles properly or correctly for your daily facial activities like speaking or smiling or drinking or something like that those are very very important and we're gonna talk about 5 essential face posture 101.Number one, this is the most if you don't have time to watch the video just watch this part because this is the most important but hurts resting face posture so nobody wants to be resting bitch face right so the first thing you're gonna do when your face is resting tongue is up sucking up I keep talking about this so you guys probably know if you don't know how to do that correct time poster please sir son for sure on my You Tube channel or YouTube everywhere because people talk about it so the so important that's number one like time is setting up to the pallet and number two, corners of the mouth is just a little bit up just a little bit of or flat not like this yeah you know in general if you don't if you're not aware of this with age it's very very natural that the corners of the mouth starts sagging and then when that happens it's really sagging down so you get more jowl, more saggy on the nasolabial line because it's really playing with being down you don't want that so you wanna be you wanna just a little bit up that it's been taking a long time for me to really kind of master more than yeah atleast a year but it's getting better it's getting better you just have to be aware of it and then when they're happy when becomes your default setting a resting face for sure it's much easier to continue.Another thing about mouth when your face is resting upper teeth, lower teeth should not be touching each other, it's called TCH Teeth Contact Habit, it's not good because that creates tension and especially if you have TMJ pain please be aware that abrogation neurology should not be touching just like very very little there a little like one millimeter or like that it’s very very little gap in between.I talked about a lot of lower face let's talk about the upper face so when your face is resting not do this lines, I used to do this lines as a bad example when I'm teaching in a setting of light so not gonna do it even if even if even though it's important to show bad example I'm not gonna do it. I refuse because that's really bad for me you know what I mean right at eye level don't do that reduce the tension that's and another thing is that when your face is resting eye tensions should be like drama inside out it's easy to cause tension on that inner eye so try to reduce the tension to the outside but this is very very difficult kind of really super difficult if you are awake so I suggest you try this from move the tension from inside out when you are sleeping I mean know when you're sleeping when you're laying it down break it down in bed and close your eyes it's easier to feel it.Last but not least, this is kind of the most important thing but body posture so your body's fine straight shoulder down like this shoulder down and place, imagine that you put you put your head on your back above your butt not like this no like this but head is placed on your back when you're standing when you're sitting both and then tuck your chin just a little bit down not too much no like this because you wanna stretch the skin here yeah then just a little bit tuck your chin.Number two, speaking when you are speaking let's do aeiou hat I learned in Japan so you put your finger here then aeiaou, say aeiaou without showing lower teeth yeah, so right now our Face yoga app is gonna have a cool feature that if you show lower teeth your face is gonna be supposed to be zombie but the people oppose because zombie doesn't look cute so we gonna add some cute emoji saying this so every time you show like this when you're talking the emoji is gonna allows you not to do that anyway so the point is you put finger here to feel the movement of your cheek, so when you're talking aei it should be moving not like aei but aeiaou aeiaou, that yeah I kind of difficult and it's still very difficult for me but right by practicing aeiaou, use the upper philtrum area and the cheek area and forget about the chin, you don't want to use too much like no no no like forget about it because I have that tension to have is to call attention in the chin and a lot of people do don't do that so if you don't know more about aeiou kind of exercise search how to speak on my You Tube channel.Next one, drinking so this has was invented by me couple years ago but I wasn't sure about that so I was acting around people every time I teach and then it seems good it seems working so I would like to officially announce the what's the word? the lifting up drinking system or method or something like that so when you drink something… see there on, yeah… you don't want to cause wrinkle because you want to reduce the tension here so the way you should be drinking is it's kind so weird but they're a little smile to reduce the tension and how to tension my upper lip yeah. The key is drink very little if you drink a lot of stuff you have to use tension here otherwise it’s gonna spill so practice with very little water or something and then just a little bit tiny smile to reduce tip and use more here and I heard it this way it's easier to keep sucking the time when you swallow so if you are concerned about chin tension please try it.Number three II when you eat so my suggestion is to get some stuff smaller pieces so that you don't have to open big mouth good moving chin is not good and then bite bite bite bite around the mouth in the mouth and then bring to the both sides not just one side not just one side, both eyes that's a key for symmetrical face and then when you chew chew with the cheeks not the mouth I mean it's important to with cheek of course but I'm just like imagine to do that by doing so we are really lifting up the cheek muscle all the time every time you drink and oh don't drink every time you eat is there amazing so you don't realize that you're doing exercise but you are doing it unconsciously if you keep doing it. You know of course in public you might not want to do this that's too much, do it with yourself by yourself but you can do in public I do like… like that and it's okay it's not strange I don't think unless you are filmed for TV or something I think that that's okay bad example is I mean exaggerating but using only here it's not good use mods here because those are sleeping and this is overworking to the side into the down both, yeah don't do that forget that this exists use here.Even though I like burger impossible burger or vegan burger I ate sometimes but not so good idea if your concern about chin because you have to open big mouths and that you have to use a lot of food now so here to atleast so better to use chopstick or something and then small pieces that's better.Number 5, the last one smiling so when you smile or laugh never never ever show lower teeth, I still do sometime when I'm talking so that's my room for improvement but that's good that I can become more beautiful if I fix to have it right so I'm very excited so anyway when you smile, bad example is… used to do that was cute when I was kid but not anymore coz I turned 41 years old, two days ago anyway so you see I did that I did that when I'm talking it's hard to her to fix the habit but anyway when you when your smile place the upper teeth on lower teeth and some people naturally they can do it they never show or tease women when they're talking which is really amazing and it's like oh my gosh I want to be like you oh I'm so jealous those people anyway if you're not that kind of genetic great genetic people we have to fix it so the way we fix it when you smile, put the upper teeth on top of lower teeth, and show the lower teeth, ah no, hide the lower teeth and then when you smile when you smile don't cause a wrinkle like this and I used to do like a really wrinkled wrinkled wrinkled nose wrinkled wrinkled wrinkled so many wrinkles it was so cute when I was a kid but not anymore because again I became 41 years old so don't do that if you have mature people and try to open a little bit bigger the eyes a little bit bigger than you think no more and then try take pictures and maybe it looks good or not in most of the case it looks good a little bit bigger open eyes and then reduce crow's feet we just wrinkle reduce pension from the inner side and nose as well so yeah that's smile smile training.In fact there are many more like how to yawn how to rinse your mouth with water after brushing your teeth or they're more so I am gonna do other videos if you guys if you guys like this kind of videos so stay tuned as always check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download, the yoga paper and sugar oil. book is available as well and app is available we are actually working on roku in Amazon Prime stay tuned so that lots of good things happening so even though now it's very very hard time because of the corona viruses but yeah it's very important to say and do what we can and if you're watching this video thank you so much and I really hope you will implement some of the things that I talked about today. Thank you so much! See you in the next video. Bye! risk singhMarch 19, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 warnings to face yogis with braces risk singhMarch 20, 2020 Next Anti-aging hair care | Twist hair pieces while applying hair mask risk singhMarch 16, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Face Posture Tips / Move Facial Muscles Correctly", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/19/5-face-posture-tips-move-facial-muscles-correctly-for-daily-facial-activities"}
7 Skin Touching Habits & How To Stop | Anti-Coronavirus Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Stop touching your skin | How to quit the habits | Anti-coronavirus Hi everyone! Today I would like to talk about how to stop touching habit like touching the skin, touching the face, people do all the time and I salute but it's very very important not to do it because of three reasons one of them is stop acne, the other reason is like causing lots of friction and caused axles to fine lines the third reason which is the most important right now is viruses, because if you touch something get the virus and then touch your skin like eyes or nose or any yeah those areas and it gets inside the body so it's very very important especially now not to touch your face.So let me explain seven bad habits you might be doing it you should stop right now and how to stop those.Number one, wearing masks unless you are sick unless you're sick you don't need to wear masks because first of all people say that experts said it does not prevent from prevent you from getting sick by wearing it, this is for medical profession or people who really need it and of course people who are sick and if you're fine don't wear it because wearing it it's kind of useless but not just that wearing it it's kind of a little bit itchy and cause friction so you might be touched, when you wear and when you take it off you touch the skin at the same time and then like it's kind of a cause of friction and it's little bit itchy so you might be doing the like this or this or adjusting or something and touching all old all over the face which is not good so don't wear it.Number two, hairstyle. This is not a good example if you have a lot of like frame framing hair on the side and a lot more longer thing going on or something, longer bangs and then this is kind of annoying sometimes and then you might be touching a lot so hairstyle matters I saw some news that in China, nurses or medical profession people they shaved their head because hair catches virus so if you're very very worried about it don't don't this is a bad example don't do like this do like this and so that you don't want you will not be bothered by hair and not touching the face.3, not wearing glasses sunglasses it's not soldiers to wear sunglasses outside because not just sun damage but also you when you get sun damage, you get more dry eyes or you might have some viruses it to the eyes so this is a good protection not just for something some protection but the virus protection as well, I mean of course it's not perfect but it's better than nothing and when their eyes are dry and itchy or something and you rub it right and then the skin around the eye is very very thin. Thinnest body in the body so it's very important not to rub to prevent fine lines around the eyes that another thing is that if you if you have to rub which sometimes I have to rub and then I understand it happens I used to do like really slowly doing no instead of this is the worst this is cause friction and worsens lines so don't do that but then I was doing like this like really pressing down my eyeball was like pressing being pressed down and I know this that's really bad because there's a fact, eye bag fat but if you press it down down down the eye bag fat it's gonna more drop down and show more so when you rub it, it's really important not to really press the eyeball it's hard not to press the eyeball but we just have to be super super gentle and not pressing the down pressing in maybe a little bit but not pressed down.Number four, stop using some chemical and complicated skincare or makeup use something simple like this is my favorite direct clinical sugar oil because it has only one ingredient just sugar sugar sugar one on oil from sugar cane and the simple ingredient the better because nowadays if you keep wearing a lot of stuff it catches it's easier to catch viruses and also it itches that skin and you might be keep touching the skin.Actually if you can tell I did a permanent makeup this is like two days ago it's super thick and actually I did on lips too so eyebrow and fix lips and I did the eyeliner one like ten years a long time ago but this one is new I mean I have done on eyebrow some years ago but you have to research every few years so I did that two years ago and it's very thick right now and it will it will fade and this has no lip no lip lipstick or anything because I just did it it will fade so I'm looking forward to seeing the results because if I have if you have good permanent makeup I don't really have to do much makeup which I think it's great for time saving and you don't have to do makeup so it's less chance to do catch viruses as well on the face.Number five, it's just like habit some people make good it but when you sit down you there's a desk or table or something you sit down like this like this you have a habit to touch your face like this or like this like this like this like this. Don't do that because especially now you really don't want to touch your face.Number seven when you form when you talk on the comb you're talking like this I'll talk to you like this so what if the virus is or something is on it on it in your touching here here like this and of course it's it's not good right so my suggestion of course and another thing that I don't like doing this is that EMS is coming yeah it's coming really close to break you don't want that you want to have EMS as far as possible but you have to talk so you use a Bluetooth ear pod or headset, I always try to do that sometimes I have to pick up there's no air pod and yep ear pod and I sometimes do it but very very unlikely or you use the speaker so that you don't really have to across the brain and then close to the skin.Don't forget to check my website koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil is available there and our app is available. I'm so excited to adding new feature so let me tease it because I'm so excited. So every time you talk or you do some facial expression on the app if you show lower teeth, error message appears so this is a great way to train yourself not to show lower teeth which is so hard I'm still practicing but by showing lower teeth is always not good I mean it's not good because you're using more chin muscle which is not good so anyway I'm so excited and I'm, we will be launching the new feature and so stay tuned. Thank you so much! See you in the next video. Bye! risk singhMarch 9, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 6 kinds of poops | What kind of poop is the best? How to produce it? risk singhMarch 14, 2020 Next Browgasm Relax tension with face yoga, Shiatsu, Release, Guasha, Abd fascia release! risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "7 Skin Touching Habits & How To Stop | Anti-Coronavirus", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/9/stop-touching-your-skin-how-to-quit-the-habits-anti-coronavirus"}
What is Browgasm? | Relax Tension With Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Browgasm Relax tension with face yoga, Shiatsu, Release, Guasha, Abd fascia release! Hi my name is Koko I'm a face yoga instructor and my name is Monouk and I am the founder of Superselium and a brow expert and his Bruce! konichiwa!We are here to introduce the new technic, Browgasm! Browgasm is a mixture of five great techniques starting with deep tissue massage, fascia release, face yoga, face siatsu and this amazing gwasha tools. It's only like ten minutes very quick it's actually not just for beauty sons to do to your clients but also for the clients to do on a regular basis so you're gonna learn how to teach those self-care techniques for longer lasting result.This technique can be learned by anyone you don't have to be a professional masseuse a brow artist a beautician everything is OK we will teach you how to use your hands and stone of course and we will work all the way from the neck towards the climax of the brow because everything in in your body is connected and when we communicate we use our eyebrows to express emotion and this is one of the reason why there's so much tension stored in this area and with Browgasm we can like really relaxed is muscle and when you relax the muscle then you have like.I think it's really important for you as a beauty expert to teach some self-care exercise to your clients in fact did you know that mega Marco learned how to do some base exercise from her beautician in New York so you're gonna learn how to fix asymmetrical brow, lift and shape and relax the tension from here all the good stuff so you will improve the result of your broad treatment. [Music] risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Stop touching your skin | How to quit the habits | Anti-coronavirus risk singhMarch 9, 2020 Next cheek 5 scenes risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What is Browgasm? | Relax Tension With Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/29/browgasm-relax-tension-with-face-yoga-faca-shiatsu-fascia-release-guasha-abd-fascia-release"}
3 Aging Symptoms Due To Facial Osteoporosis & How to Fix Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 aging symptoms due to facial osteoporosis | saggy cheeks, saggy jawlines and hollow on eye area Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about facial osteoporosis. So you guys know what osteoporosis, with age the bone density become very less and we get injury or lots of I don't know back pain or lots of thing bad things happen 18 symptom happens and people we usually talk about for body bones but there is a thing called facial osteoporosis and this is very very important to understand what's going on and how to fix it because it matters for that facial osteoporosis creates aging symptoms in our faces.I was reading a lot of articles about it and learned many three things well but three things that I think we should know about it and to prevent or reduce the fun, reduce the symptom number one this is kind of a major thing but bone so let's let's look at this bruise so like in general people's height shrink with age right because of the osteoporosis and the body part the same thing happened to the face some facial bones become a little bit shrink and smaller and what happens when that happens the skin and muscle in the fat let's just call it skin to simplify so the skin is kind of left over and then there is no place to go and then start sagging that's why we get a lots of the saggy face skin with age I thought it's really make sense.That is why I think face exercise is very very important for so many people if you're concerned if you don't want to have saggy face because that's a natural symptom, bone chances bond is bonds are like a foundation of our face right in this shrink and then skin start sagging because there is nowhere to go because the foundation, the bone shrink yeah so there are so many exercises you can do but if you are concerned about like this saggy part here my favorite… 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, this way we train your facial muscles and stretch train and stretch with the key for elastic muscle and if the muscles are elastic it's not gonna sag, I think yeah, so if you're concerned about that pretty track your hand this is my personal favorite.Number two, another thing I were surprised to know that this cheekbone here right cheek bone, this area start sagging and then not just sagging but it's a little bit more like out sag down and out down and up, that happens then our face becomes bigger because of that this is a big part of the face people pay attention to here if if it's high and you look fresher and younger and positive if it's low more like a little bit not something that's positive and you want to keep the cheap high cheekbone high right but not just high but more a little bit in it's a better not because with age that chicks won't serve and out and face become bigger. So if you're concerned about that or you want to prevent it I want prevent it so let's do some chiropractic exercises. First use your palm and then you, you find the cheekbone here and then relax your body not like this relax your body and close your mouth but upper teeth and lower teeth should not be touching relax and then press like this so, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, let's do two more times 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 okay so we did this part so now we're gonna up. You can you can do either this or this but I like doing this because usually this joint parts are clean and I mean maybe this part is clean but either way whichever easier for you but for the purpose of the demonstration this is I think it's better for you to see so I'm gonna do like this yeah and then hook that on the socket not socket but the cheek bone below the cheekbone and then up and again relax your body and the mouth should be should not be open but it's very very relaxed yep and then on up it's paper yeah hook and then up 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 whoo it's painful whoo and then ah it's more like a not just here but I'm like putting on here on top of the fingers here not here but here the cheekbones are here might it's not here but here okay so hook and then up 1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 10 last 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ohhh.. it's painful.Number three, last one last fact about facial facial osteoporosis is very shocking to me because I didn't know about it so it's about hollow on eye area so with age we can hold on the upper eyelid and lower eyelid off right the reason why which I learned recently is that this eye socket hole become bigger and sag with age because of osteoporosis what I didn't know I really didn't know so yeah there's a this is eyeball and there's a fat around eyeball right and but because this eye socket become bigger and step more down sagging here so the fact is easily like what's the word coming down inside here and show us eye bag which I thought is really make sense yeah so it's important to do lift up this eye socket bond here a little bit up to make it as small as possible to prevent to prevent the eyes of a halt from becoming bigger.So let's do it again Chiropractic exercise but use your thing you could do like this but I like doing something that I can do when I'm in uber, in a car or something so I don't like you touching here because this fingers might dirty because of computer or phone all the time and lots of dirt and I want to touch I don't want to have acne so I like using more joint here and then so it's not this bomb the cheekbone but more like eye socket it so it's a little bit up but don't try not to not to damage the eyeball I don't want to damage the eyeball so it's like my case it's a little bit here so let's do like here one two three, so one two three three parts so inner one first and then press and then up just a little bit up one two three four five six seven eight nine ten relax your body and the face again same thing and then move to the second point and press and then up 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 it's very painful and then last one press and up one two three four five six seven eight nine ten, when you were doing it like when you're really pressing it's better to I'm talking so I cannot really propel it exhale and inhale but you should exhale to relax because you don't have any unnecessary tension so inhale then exhale then one two three four five six seven eight nine ten… it's painful.So if you are concerned about this hollow on the upper eyelid especially here and here the reason might be osteoporosis that I saw at home is becoming bigger so I highly recommend you try this a little bit up-up-up fascia to chiropractic exercise to lift up yep and also lower eyelid lift up I'm not gonna do this today because I'm tired but if you're interested in more please check lower eyelid lift up our eye back eraser exercise search on my channel so that you can find it lower eyelid exercise look up up up up to lift up up up the fat from bottom up to bring it back here, yeah I think though so two or more they're very effective to prevent hollowness on hollowness hollow on eye area.If you're interested and exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com, to free download the yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil thank you so much and app is available as well, so please check it out free download thank you so much see you next video, bye! risk singhJanuary 25, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Facial osteoporosis part 2 | 7 aging symptons due to facial osteoporosis and how to prevent them risk singhJanuary 29, 2020 Next How to fix asymmetrical face that is tilting to a side. Chin is tilting, one shoulder is up, etc risk singhJanuary 22, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Aging Symptoms Due To Facial Osteoporosis & How to Fix", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/25/3-aging-symptoms-due-to-facial-osteoporosis-saggy-cheeks-saggy-jawlines-and-hollow-on-eye-area"}
What Kind Of Poop Is The Best? | Fiber Powder Bellway Review Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 6 kinds of poops | What kind of poop is the best? How to produce it? Hi everyone! Today I would like to talk about six kinds of poops in which one is the best and how to produce the best one. I know it's we our topic but it's very important to know because poop is like our if you are healthy you produce good poop if you're not happy you produce bad poop right? so if you check your poop and like a smell color texture all kind of thing that I'm gonna explain and if you yeah you for producing good poop you're very very healthy so it's important to keep checking every time you produce it.As this is very important things to know in Japan keep learn how to produce go poop and at school for real and like some poop museum or some really cute poop characters so much going on.The best poop out of six poops yes this like it's like about like a two-banana size or something like that and like a golden or like brown - golden golden each color it's ideally it should flow in the water because it has good gas in the poop and when you swipe swipe when I what's the word? swipe day but when you do it the tissue doesn't not have any color because it's good quality that's best water.The second one is hard and kind of brown and, it's you're technically constipated it's not the worst but it's not good if there were water, move around try to reduce trash and I've sleep all kinds of stuff important.Third one is like bunnies, the rabbits poops no maybe not out that small but the small up this is and so hard there's technically very very confident and very stressed so you really need to think about yeah change the lifestyle.Fourth one, it's very kind of oily and dark and smelly and it's like it's you probably eating too much meat so reduce intake of meat and increase the intake of vegetables or fiber.Next one, diarrhea try not to eat something that might upset your body at this point maybe you know what kind of products you you tend to get upset about, I mean your stomach so just be careful and try to avoid like a spicy or too too strong spice or that kind of things as well, stress is a big part of it as well though maybe you want to try meditation or walking or running or something something to reduce stress to be really it's really important if you keep doing this.Last one is, like a water it's really bad you might you must have been cool like contagious from some disease or some things, very very serious so see a doctor immediately if it continues.So how to produce the best poop? I mean healthy lifestyle like eating a balanced diet exercising sleeping well or not to have stress or kind of thing guys like given but recently I started trying Bellway was given this product in exchange for all this review that's why I'm doing this video and it's really good, it's so easy to just get a lot of fiber because if you have to get a lot fiber I imagine you have to eat a lot of vegetable all the time but technically you cannot do that because I need more protein to create more good collagen for the skin because I'm visitors and all that so I was having trouble I didn't I just couldn't I'm not rabid so I couldn't eat too much miserable all the time even though I try in the raw raw fruits as well but this really helps to simplify the diet but still you get the enough really good fiber so then my my poop diary is getting better and better so I think it's really working.Skin is the biggest organ in the entire body and shows the internal health condition so if your skin is good you are healthy you cannot be beautiful without being healthy inside the body so I think it's really important to take care of your entire I mean the inside the body not just that not just the surface of the skin.As always check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper, book and the sugar oil. App is available, Android and iPhone as well, so stay keep in touch! Thank you so much! So that’s it! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhMarch 14, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Anti-aging hair care | Twist hair pieces while applying hair mask risk singhMarch 16, 2020 Next Stop touching your skin | How to quit the habits | Anti-coronavirus risk singhMarch 9, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Kind Of Poop Is The Best? | Fiber Powder Bellway Review", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/14/6-kinds-of-poops-what-kind-of-poop-is-the-best-how-to-produce-it-fiber-powder-bellway-review"}
Anti-Aging Hair Care | Reviv3 Mend Review Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Anti-aging hair care | Twist hair pieces while applying hair mask Hi everyone!Today I'm going to talk about anti-aging hair care, updated version.One of the things I started doing recently is do the hair mask and I kind of do on the regular basis but I started doing it seriously which means I’m going to show you how. The product that I've been using lately is this revive deep repair hair mask really good and it smells really good too, I'm gonna show you what it's like like this.In my hair case I used a lot so I'm I'm gonna I'm not gonna waste it but I just wanted to show you how much I use because I have longer hair yeah, it's thinner I didn't made it being thinner because it was too much trouble to take everything lately, but still it’s long so I used like this amount maybe a la right a lot then the way to apply is a key point this is god this is a learn new learning from my another person who does say stranger vanishes like it not like she is 70 years old and she claims that her beauty secrets is like really hair it's a big part of it hard look because of course this video gosh it looks great amazing but her hair is so full so the way she does is so wash your face and things in hair and then when you apply, do like really not just that papapapapapa and not just like that because it doesn't penetrate if that's too easy so do not like really like a brushing you could almost use like some skull brush if you have I guess and do like really a lot I don't want to do from that too much on the scalp area because that can be only because I don't wash my hair every day so it depends on you but I do like really thoroughly do like this a lot yeah and then yeah of course yeah applying the mask first all over and then do like thoroughly thoroughly thoroughly thoroughly and then her secret was to get some pieces like this and then like wrap it what what's the word? twist it twist it yeah twist it then hold it and if you can you can hold it you can like like a band or something but I think it's too much trouble for me to do so I'm not going to do that she was not doing it so that's okay do like this and hold it and then she was literally doing like this one piece and then another big piece so one then another one so kind of all over.So I did all over here so when you do it it's different look because it's the hair’s wet the hair has a mask and then so do one by one some pieces and then take at least five minutes so I started going to judge new gem that has a steam sounder which is really cool so I do this first in the shower and then go to the steam sauna and then try to stay there at least five minutes of course where the shower cap so that it stays here so and then it is really good because especially I dyed my bleached my hair color so it looks as a pigment it's really damaging it's easy to get more damaged so I need to take care of it very thoroughly so this is a perfect opportunity for me to do really good.Because I bleached my hair it was so damaged especially at the end of the hair like yeah but now it's I don't know if you can see but it's more smoother it's more straight and it was before like more bumpy like people like it was like folded yeah like a really pip pip it was folded but now it's more like a smooth and more straight.Then after rinsing drying her hair when you use some hair dryer I started doing more from instead of doing this from top down I starting from bottom up like this like this then my hair is more fuller I think, so from using the dryer from bottom up is better than tucked down in my case and of course massaging the scalp it's very important as well so whenever you have time like I'm in uber or something and I'm not doing anything just waiting for something and then I keep doing a lot of lots of scalp massage all over the scalp because whenever you feel good on the scalp, that area is needed needed to be relaxed in my case kind of all over the top so whenever I have time I do like this like this neck area to all over which is really good for not just a face but hair growth as well so those are three tips today anti-aging hair care one is when you do a mask like a twist it twist it twist it twist it and then like all over and then wait at least five minutes and the next one was the hairdryer not from top down but from bottom up to make it more fuller and get air in the hair and massaging any time any time has it any time as needed or any time you'd like any time when you're waiting on something.As always, visit my website koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhMarch 16, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 Face Posture tips / move facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities risk singhMarch 19, 2020 Next 6 kinds of poops | What kind of poop is the best? How to produce it? risk singhMarch 14, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Anti-Aging Hair Care | Reviv3 Mend Review", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/3/16/anti-aging-hair-care-twist-hair-pieces-while-applying-hair-mask-reviv3-mend-review"}
Facial Osteoporosis Part 2 | 7 Aging Symptoms Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Facial osteoporosis part 2 | 7 aging symptons due to facial osteoporosis and how to prevent them Hi everyone! Today I'm going to do another facial osteoporosis. In my previous video I did basic things about facial osteoporosis, 3 aging symptoms due to face osteoporosis, how to fix them I mean how to prevent or slow down the process so if you haven't checked the video yet please do but today is gonna be more additional information which I think it's very interesting so please stay tuned.Number one, facial bones shrink and start sagging as I told you in my previous one so the same thing happens to this scalp area head top of the head area so when that happens this shrinks and then the left over scalp the skin and the muscle is left over because the this part becomes smaller and then become loose the scalp become loose when that happens this is like a foundation, foundation of your, this is skull there's a sculpt and the forehead the eyebrows i everything is stirred from here right so when this part is not elastic enough it's not strong enough sagging and then everything everything starts sagging.Number two, eye socket hole, so this one I talked about in talked about this in my previous mas I'm not gonna do over but it's gonna be bigger and saggy so you get more hollow on upper and lower eyelid.Number three, cheek bones start saggy and a little bit about so that's one of the things I talked about in my previous video but also become more flat so it's like there's a bump here it's out this becoming flat aka cheekbone melt down.Number four, forehead become more flat as well I I think I need some more flour round for head but now it's more flat maybe because of that also a lot of bumpy thing is happening that's not facial that's not fun that's more muscle tension which we can treat yeah but in general face this area becomes shrink and more flat unfortunately.Number 5, temples this area I was wondering why this part becomes so skinny when I was younger and I learned that it's because of this area become temple area becomes less I mean the shrink get inside.Number six, nose bone this bone become more flat and saggy and the worst thing is the tip of the nose nose starts sagging like like this and more here which then because it's flat the nostril become bigger.Last one number seven, this jawline jawline this one and this one become less so the skin and muscle and fat is left over from the from the shrinked position here so that's left over skin stop sagging because there's no way to go.Another interesting thing is that the facial osteoporosis happens earlier aids done by a bone austere process so bone osteoporosis is like one of the common osteoporosis symptoms when you walk you have a back pain or something like that or trip or fall more easily but that happens like 60s or late 50 or in 60s in general but facial osteoporosis especially the lower one happens even like late 30s or 40s or something like that it's very earlier than earlier than back of osteoporosis so the faster the odd are you aware of these things and start doing some prevention the better but that doesn't mean that it's too late for you if you are 60s but bone I mean the muscle changes any any age so you do not give up.In my previous video I talked about three tips to prevent the three symptoms but let's talk about something in general three things. One I think it's very very important to prevent facial osteoporosis is body exercise especially when I learned that when body I mean the bones get stimulates stimulated by doing like like this or so on running or the more stimulation to the bone the better and we are talking about face but the calf stimulation you receive in the body is in body bones is distribute to the face because everything is connected so do not this do not dis prioritize I mean what's the word you do not think body exercise is not important it's very very important for your face too so when I go to gym I see lots of fit people in in general if you're very fit and physically healthy and fit and strong your face is healthy as well because everything is connected that I think they really make sense.Another thing is vitamin D so as you may know or you may not know I'm not a big fan of outdoor activities because I don't want to have sun damage to the skin so you don't have to have some I mean the vitamin D is produced when you go outside in the receive Sun right so but you don't have to produce vitamin D from the face on the face by receiving sunlight to the face you can receive on other areas for example, arms like this so this has no melanin this has melanin this has melanin this has melanin but this area and here and this area does not have melanie so you can expose this outside but it's hard to do exposed to here so I would I mean when I walk sometimes instead of walking like this walk like this to receive some and hide the melanin area or instead of walking like this like this so you hide this area I don't know if it's called fur back on that hand or front of the hand but in you you hide it and you receive the Sun here so it's said that you don't need a lot of Sun hours per day I mean it's a little bit controversial but I don't think you need to be outside a lot of hours and to receive vitamin D because you can get it from various sources like diet so another thing diet is also important but I'm not nutritionist I'm not too specialized I'm not gonna go over but I try to eat more protein and yeah I'm one of my favorite Japanese protein is natto beans which I purchased five of them today so I'm very very happy you don't have to eat natto but any I think protein is fine.If you're interested in other exercises on face tips please visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download this yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil it's a very boss well in app is available face yoga app is available on App Store and Google Play for Android and recently we launched this content on fire TV Amazon fire TV as well very excited so please check it out and if you could be good 5 stars that would be really really really appreciated! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhJanuary 29, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 bad habits to cause assymetrical eyes and eyebrows | How to fix risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Next 3 aging symptoms due to facial osteoporosis | saggy cheeks, saggy jawlines and hollow on eye area risk singhJanuary 25, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Facial Osteoporosis Part 2 | 7 Aging Symptoms", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/29/facial-osteoporosis-part-2-7-aging-symptons-due-to-facial-osteoporosis-and-how-to-prevent-them"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! How to fix asymmetrical face that is tilting to a side. Chin is tilting, one shoulder is up, etc hi everyone today I'm going to work on asymmetrical asymmetrical face like this even if you just say asymmetrical face there are so many patterns so this is just one of them and I'm I want to do more in the coming episodes but for now I mean for today I just had the hair color and a hair change a little bit and it's in the process of gray ombre so I don't like this so much yet but in Read More risk singhJanuary 22, 2020 Reduce/prevent fine tiny lines at the inner corners of the eyes by reprogramming squinting muscles hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent this tiny fine lines on the inner corners of the eye this is a new exercise for me and I'm still experimenting so I really hope it works but I haven't still done like a year or so but I hope it works and I'm so excited I am very confident about it so I wanted to introduce it first of all why do we get this tiny line because Read More risk singhJanuary 21, 2020 Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits, buccal mouth massage and face shiatsu hi everyone today I'm going to talk about some exercises and tips to prevent or reduce this small lines above the applet first of all why do we get this line and it increases well more with age because I mean this muscle maybe because you're doing some bad facial expression for example could be I mean of the fish-like you have a tension here when your face Read More risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 What is eyebrow fascia and brow pinching? | Release fascia from muscles for symmetrical brows, etc hi everyone today I'm going to talk about fashion on eyebrow area fascia is a very very thin layer between muscle and skin and that must the faster layer becomes very tense and hard when muscle become hard and then what happens is the fascia is supposed to distribute good nutrients and oxygen to the skin but it because it's so so hard in so step it does not work so Read More risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 What are muscle knots in eyebrows? | How to find/break down them for symmetrical brows, brow lift hi everyone today I'm going to talk about muscle nuts in the eyebrow area in Japan we call it Cody it happens especially special on that I am NOT eyebrow bata here there's a big rock muscle rock which is called quarry or in English mass or not it's happening here right and actually that same thing the same tiny tiny muscle rock happening on eyebrow area the reason Read More risk singhJanuary 4, 2020 How to make hollow cheeks fuller & rejuvenate the skin from inside out naturally hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to make hollow cheeks a little bit more flare and skin rejuvenation for a long long long time since I started teaching face yoga or since started doing face yoga to myself I didn't know how to do it I didn't know how to make face flower I mean the cheeks fuller because flat cheeks make you look younger and with age, some people including me have more hollow cheeks and makes you all look older which I did really hate it. Read More risk singhDecember 29, 2019 how to fix angry eyebrow for symmetrical eyebrows | Make eyebrows more symmetrical hi everyone today's video is going to be how to in previous one I did how to lift up eyebrow so today this one is going to be how to bring it down lift it down is there such a word I don't know but bring the eyebrow just a little bit down so that we become we have more symmetrical eyebrows this exercise is great for angry eyebrows so what is angry eyebrow is like really like a witch and ppppp meeting suddenly up and down and this happens often if you have Botox in I'm wrong the wrong sp Read More risk singhDecember 29, 2019 How to lift up saggy eyebrows | Lift up eyebrow to make brows more symmetrical hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to lift up your saggy eyebrow there are some exercises you can do to lift up brows but this is more like a new one is kind of more chiropractic exercise or practice so let's try it first of all why eyebrow sacks sags I'm not just I bro everything's kind of start sagging with the gravity and age, not just eyebrow but eyebrow happens too Read More risk singhDecember 21, 2019 My review to face yoga exercises by Nivea! | Don't follow tutorials that don't make sense hi everyone today I'm going to react to new bear's face yoga video I happen to find this video and I thought it's interesting to talk about it so let's do it for easy face yoga exercises for you okay and she's making various cute facial expression which is cool what wait that facial exercises increase blood circulation more offices on reduced reaches thyself yes but that Read More risk singhDecember 15, 2019 5 tips to achieve correct tongue posture hi everyone today I am in a different location in San Diego and it's so freezing and cold because it was raining so hard from the morning that's why I'm wearing the hat and everything and my mind as you as long as you can see my face we can do two tutorials right so le Read More risk singhDecember 13, 2019 Warning about lower eyelid lift up exercise hi everyone today is gonna be very quick warning about one of the exercises because I heard some comment from YouTube followers in the comment section or if my client said something's a little bit similar and wanted to announce something when you do lower eyelid lift up exercise do not squint too hard you don't need to have a big move pppp pppp big movement it s Read More risk singhDecember 8, 2019 How to treat dominant eye for making asymmetrical eyes more symmetrical | Muscles knots, fascia, etc 10% and 90% or something like that muscle not is kind of like blocking the blood circulation fashio on the eyebrow area oh my gosh it's a big difference hi everyone today I'm going to introduce how to treat your dominant eye so before we do that if you have not watched my previous video about how to identify how to find out which one is domin Read More risk singhDecember 7, 2019 How to find which eye is your dominant or non-dominant | Why you should know for symmetrical eyes close the right eye and then the object disappear in my case if that's the case because I'm looking at the left side so left eye is non-dominant hi everyone today I'm going to introduce how to identify which eye is your dominant eye and which one is not like our hand we have a dominant eye and non Read More risk singhDecember 2, 2019 Create almond shaped eyes | Face shiatsu to break down knots, aegyo sal exercise, etc muscle not is happening oh yeah I found it I found it like a dick that that this is a muscle not here hi everyone today I'm going to talk about almond shaped eyes this was recommended by our viewers so I wanted to know what it is first of all cuz I didn't know according to online Read More risk singhNovember 29, 2019 Things you can do from non-dominant side, for fixing asymmetrical body and face so instead I should do this left side and then right side eyesight and become very like clear eye sizes more symmetrical hi everyone today I'm going to introduce ten things that you can start doing from non-dominant side in my previous video I talked about 12 things that you can do with non-dominant hand to make our body more symmetrical and face most metrical as Read More risk singhNovember 17, 2019 12 ideas to train your non-dominant hand to make your body and face more symmetrical use your non-dominant side open drawer open the faucet or like it like this screw ya to get water dry your hair time today I'm going to introduce 12 things you can use your non-dominant hand with but first of all why do we need to do we want to use non-dominant hand the reason why is that we have an asymmetrical body in a symmetrical face because of lots of use Read More risk singhNovember 17, 2019 How to create cat eyes | Lift up the outer corners of the eyes by face yoga exercises hi everyone today I'm going to introduce a great exercise to create cat eyes there are three points that you should always try to lift up corners of the eye which is the cat eye and cheek bone and corners of the mouth one two three should be always up and then you automatically naturally look younger fresher and constant I'm now saying you dog I it's bad and dog is cute Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 12 bad habits to cause asymmetrical face Furniture position tomorrow this side crossing Lex your one food has more weight hi everyone today I'm going to introduce 12 bad habits to contribute to a symmetrical face in the past I did a video about 7 bad habits because a symmetrical face that was very successful so I wanted to update I wanted add more new bad habits that you should not Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 How to check how asymmetrical your face/body is & how to fix good luck paw scissors scissors it's like this is or like these yeah be aware of the good posture good balance when you stand or when you walk as well hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to find the fundamental calls know what's the word how to check your fundamental calls of a symmetrical face so I believe fundamental cause of a symmetrical face is Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 How to drink without causing tension (wrinkles) in the chin just keep tiny smile and try to use more upper lip instead of lower lip and then when you swallow keep the smile smiling position so that you can really feel that's sucking back of the time is sucking up today I'm going to talk about how to drink something without causing tension in the chin about chain tension some people might not have it some people might have it I have it s Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1579972813814"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! 3 exercises to make cheeks fuller | Reduce tension and improve circulation to wake up capillaries Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Eliminate side Lines on the Cheeks When We Smile | Smile Beautifully Instead of Pulling to the Sides Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Mini Face Yoga Session | Reduce/Prevent 11th Frown Lines Between Eyebrows | Wear ???? While Sleeping Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Face Yoga Mini Session | Fix Asymmetrical Lip/Mouth Movement While Talking | Reduce Chin Tension Koko HayashiJuly 31, 2020 Skincare Yoga with Orgaid Face Sheet Mask On | What are Over-working Muscles & Sleeping Muscles? risk singhJuly 31, 2020 10 Bad Facial Expression Habits I found Through Face Patrol Service on Zoom Koko HayashiJuly 29, 2020 Mini face yoga session | Tighten side chins and cheeks up | Fix asymmetrical body/face habits Koko HayashiJuly 24, 2020 Face yoga mini session with Opera singer! | Fix less good looking side | Voice matters for face risk singhJuly 21, 2020 How to make nostrils smaller especially when you smile or laugh hi everyone today i'm going to talk about how to make nostrils a little bit smaller even when you laugh or when you smile because when you smile it's normal that this nostril become bigger and some people have more bigger than normal i mean bigger than average and they're concerned so this is the solution in the past i thought that nostril the tip of the nose become longer uh with the edge so i didn't i did not want to do like a down motion but now i learned that this goes up and Read More risk singhMay 28, 2020 Face yoga mini session | Double chin, how to see your future/original face & cute zoombombing! here Oh like a double channel yeah oh that is easy fix oh great yeah because compared to other facial muscles are tiny but but body area is bigger so you will see bigger difference like this for example this area is more like a half body area so yeah yeah the bigger muscle is easier to fix so this is easy fix okay good okay so let's do you know do you do any face exercise Read More risk singhMay 11, 2020 No botox? No problem | 3 face yoga exercises/tips to reduce/prevent 11th frown lines between brows practice pause wrinkle but don't do it that's how you pre-programmed facial muscles [Music] [Applause] [Music] hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to prevent or reduce this 11th line because now because of the pandemic all the known instance of business has a clause included Botox I've done Botox and I see a lot of clients that they do Read More risk singhMay 5, 2020 foam roller massage for the face myofasccial fascia release one two three one two three [Music] [Applause] [Music] hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to do foam roller massage for the face have you done or seen people do some massage thing with this kind of a bumpy stuff foam roller and I love this exercise for the body and why not for the face because face also developed muscle nodes and for circulation Read More risk singhMay 1, 2020 Straighten your nose & clear nostrils for clearer nose breathing by scraping nose cartridge [Music] like a scraping up one two three right up between that yellow and purple from bottom up today I'm going to talk about how do you straighten your nose if you are concerned about the bumpy nose or lower high somewhere make a little bit taller this is a great exercise for you so let's do it but first let's talk about the nose anatomy so this is a cartridge nose Read More risk singhApril 27, 2020 Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #2 | Demonstrated at Shark Tank TV show! oh yeah yeah keep your levity hey Ali hi everyone in my previous video I did how to lift up the puna out of the mouth because it stops sagging with age which is normal a new symptom and this one exercise today there's another one I like to try so let's do it this exercise was loved by one of the Sharks when I did the shark tank appearance so you might have seen Read More risk singhApril 25, 2020 Lift up corners of the mouth naturally #1 | Stop resting b**ch face to trick brain to feel positive oh yeah yeah keep your levity hey Ali hi everyone in my previous video I did how to lift up the puna out of the mouth because it stops sagging with age which is normal a new symptom and this one exercise today there's another one I like to try so let's do it this exercise was loved by one of the Sharks when I did the shark tank appearance so you might have seen it Read More risk singhApril 24, 2020 How to reduce cheek fat | Don't do if you want to gain more fat there is a cellar light in the face vacuuming the fat in the cheek area today I'm going to talk about how to reduce cheek fat in my case I want to have more cheek fat so I don't do this but there's some good exercise that you can do if you are only concerned about cheek fat and this in general I think fat in the face is really we call it evidence of use Read More risk singhApril 22, 2020 7 skincare tips under quarantine | Skin fast, Wash your face only once a day, makeup free, etc skim Pat's Pat's up appearance function physical protection like this are way stronger wastrel random some screams what's your face only once a day hi everyone today I'm going to talk about seven skincare tips under quarantine number one makeup three you do not have to wear much makeup probably as much as you used to because you don't have to you don't go outside right so Read More risk singhApril 16, 2020 5 Tips To Improve Your Face At Desk-Where A Monitor Is Placed For Symmetrical Eye highly recommend to put it on the left side to use more non-dominant I one mirror and one mirror it becomes immediately another pink today I'm going to talk about your disk environment because anti-authority a lot of people stay at home including minute longer than ever do we work from home study from home and we are spending a lot of time at desk I think and there are some five important things that you might want to try to make to make a face more beautiful number Read More risk singhApril 16, 2020 How to stop asymmetrical mouth movement when you speak I used to show a lot a lot of rod of authorities a high today I'm going to talk about my asymmetrical mouth problem and how I fix it not really fixed completely fix it but it's getting better the reason why I want to do this is that uh that was my concept when I every time I talk I was like I am still that okay always always try to enjoy a little bit done done every time and I knew Read More risk singhApril 13, 2020 Every time you eat, drink, speak, even yawn, move (lift up) your ? to build muscles and lift up cheekbone melt down imagine this is your mouth today I'm going to talk about one specific muscle in the face that used to be using you should be moving more lifting up more every time you do somethings the answer is 6 6 are in general sleeping muscle and when the cheek Read More risk singhApril 10, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1586358797763&reversePaginate=true"}
How To Relax Chin For Antiaging | Reduce Wrinkles & Sagging Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why you should relax chin | How to relax chin for antiaging | Reduce wrinkles and sagging Hi everyone, today I'm going to talk about why we need to relax gym to me relaxing chin is so important but if I talk about it people really don't get it because it's not really talked about and I think this this concern this having tension in the chin is one of the underrated under looked, under looked issue that we should do really think it, be aware of it. There are three reasons why you are you should really think about relaxing chin. Number one, so many aging concerns happen worsens because if you keep having a lots of tension in the chin so let me explain this this is overarching muscle and sleeping myself to muscles and this one is all working muscle e-e-e this one is over working working working in general and if that's happening all the time it's really played down down down so when that the muscles are played being pulled down you get more line, more jaw, more sagging like everything is like down down down you want to lift up the skin but if this is like opposite you're not lifting down that's the skin right if this overworking your muscles muscles are all working so that's why it's very very very important to relax this chin area. Another reason that you should really think about the relaxation and if you're concerned about TMJ pain here when you open your mouth, you are having my you might hear some sound clicking sound or pain if that's the case you have a TMJ symptom pain it's not good so then if that's the case even if you don't have it the less you use this area the better for TMJ even if you don't have it as a preventative method. Number three, if you're concerned about the asymmetrical face asymmetrical chin especially like me less using the chin the better because if there's dominant sides and non-dominant side actually this is dominant I think so if you keep using the chin that's over working muscle especially the dominant one and yeah of course you're gonna get you're gonna worsen the asymmetrical chin. Interesting story that I learned in Japan is that at the voice training place for TV caster or something we say a i u e o in Japanese a i u e o and they use to teach o.. when you say o… or and use put that move that chin o… or down o… but this is not the latest technique we learned that the area to resonate the sound is nasal cavity like around here not the throat so you don't have to read it or the they output the shape of the mouth doesn't matter to sound better they say so you don't have to really use that if this or and try to use more upper muscle instead of lower muscle even worse trainers they teach that. So let's talk about how to fix it, how to relaxed chin. One of the exercise that I really liked it I used to do a last year not anymore because I kind of mastered it but I did this this one and if you're interesting this how to do it right just start to relax chin on my YouTube channel and you find the old video house do this exercise that's one thing and the other one is tongue posture you already guys know about the importance of tongue posture right? so I'm not gonna talk about it but sucking it up by doing so we are having tension in the more here instead of here which is very very important if we haven't watched the tongue posture video please search as well on my YouTube there are lots of tutorials about tongue good how to keep good tongue posture. So the things I would like to talk about today is not that particular exercise or tongue posture but fixing regular regular lifestyles, facial muscle movement habit. In our regular daily life we make lots of facial expression we use a lot of facial muscles and there are three things I started being very very careful about it one is when I yawn I used to yawn and using so much muscle and I realized that this is not good because I'm really pulling down I'm overworking the over working muscle so it's normal that people we do your when you do and then literally read down but the way right now I yawn is I still move here but not and not as much as before so even when I yawn I try to smile it's kind of so weird don't you might not want to do in public actually doing publicly because it's just like my habit I don't notice it but every time I yawn yawn, I do like like this it's so weird at the beginning but now it's like my habit so I don't really realize it that I'm doing it so instead of yawning and oh and they're using the chin muscle, yawn while smiling or smile while while yawning. Number two, another thing drinking when you drink water or tea or something I do drink a lot of water every day and I realized that this was like I've been was thinking about this for the past like two and a half years but every time I drink something so many wrinkles which means so many tensions happening here and I didn't know how to fix it but now I'm kind now what I'm doing is that when you drink it's like this, instead of it and pulls your wrinkle, smile a little bit, smile a little bit and then drink it and then still still a little bit tension happens here but much less than before if I keep smiling when I'm when I'm drinking and then it's time to sucking time to sucking motion is actually easier when you swallow you have to try this if you if you want to understand better so put some water and show you there's no water here so I'm gonna use this then… like this, yeah I mean this is a peck so you wanna see sorry but anyway um when you drink something try to smile a little bit to read and then you should feel the difference you're not having attention in the chin and then keep it then still a little bit tension happens otherwise I spill the water but much less tension than before if you keep smiling and then tap sucking that the tongue sucking thing is much easier for me when you when I swallow. Number three, eating, lift up eating system, so if you have taught me a long time you might not lift up during system to to to to to to to to to to to to to thing but if you don't know what it is check my channel just search how to eat or something like that but the thing I if I I realize that if I have a big portion and then I have to open my mouth bigger oh and using this muscle again so now I'm what I'm trying to do is smaller pieces put in their mouth so that I don't have to open my mouth bigger as big as before and of course put this stuff in the pipe to the both the corner of the mouth yeah here and then end of the mouth end of the end of them end of the teeth yeah then instead of using here not like this right lift up chewing system and then of course when you swallow the food time is up. I'm sorry that that way I explain what might not be very easy for you to understand because I'm not really of the nest yet but if you're interested in really trying to relax the chin which i think is very very important it's underrated under looked so if you want to prevent any aging symptoms and reduce any changes symptom check your chin you might be having a lot of chin tension. In my, personally my phone has this mirror my Apple watch used to have mirror filter but it's gone I have to go back to Japan to buy it I'm actually going to Japan next month very excited yeah and I checked my chin everywhere oh my because I have mirrors everywhere anyway yawning, smile yawning, smile drinking, lifting up chewing eating system. If you're interested in, if you're in just not exercises check my website Koco face yoga.com to free download, this yoga paper and the book and the sugar oil and app is available the YouTube with the this contents is available on fire TV, Amazon fire TV I'm working a rocker right now which is very exciting and I have actually a new exciting event ad with a dermatologist doctor in I think next month and the one in Tokyo as well so which is very exciting so stay tuned with us and just follow our you not just YouTube but Instagram, Facebook, Twitter and other social media as well. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why you should NOT wear heavy earring glasses risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Next Create cupid"s bow with eyelash glue | Hold the shape to let the skin remember the form risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Relax Chin For Antiaging | Reduce Wrinkles & Sagging", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/18/why-you-should-relax-chin-how-to-relax-chin-for-antiaging-reduce-wrinkles-and-sagging"}
5 Bad Habits To Cause Assymetrical Eyes And Eyebrows Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 bad habits to cause assymetrical eyes and eyebrows | How to fix Hi everyone!Today I'm going to talk about five bad habits that you might be doing you to create more asymmetrical eye and asymmetrical eyebrows but if you have not watched my video about seven bad habits to cause asymmetrical body in the face please check it out first because that's very very important, I mean you can check check it out later but anyway I really like you to see because it's very important it's like fun yeah all over the face I mean if you're worried about not just eye there but all over asymmetrical face but today's topic is gonna be specifically for bad habits for asymmetrical eyes and eyebrows.Number one, angry eyebrows, angry a girl is like both are not it's like one side is like this and the reason why you have this only one side is like this is that you are doing it. Actually I recently learned that I'm doing this motion more than this I didn't notice because I'm so conscious about my forehead tried to freeze it all the time right because of my nature of my business but I learned that someone told me that I am doing like this moving this not this is not moving but this is moving right side is moving all the time so that this trades angry eyebrow, if you keep doing that motion all the time of course this dominant eyebrows move move move over working and up up up up and this looks saggy even though it's not sagging yeah so it's the first step, find out which one has everyone has it a lot of people has it even me I have it if you hide his face yoga so I didn't know ask around or you could talk you can film your facial expression when you're talking with someone that's um that's an interesting way to find out which one has more dominant motion.Once you find out which one when you do skincare cream you could do a more like down down down down motion yeah instead of up I never liked doing things up because this forehead is always up so you don't oh by the way I had a tattoo thing yesterday that's why anyway it's not real tattoo though you want to bring it down down down down down down down when you apply face cream or something to relax the forehead muscle or when you do it, you could do you can do that domestic dominant one more to bring it down down down down down because I'm always up up up that's one thing to do.Also use your finger this is an exercise of pinkies are on eyebrows pinkies are on eyebrows freeze your forehead and open as big as possible then slowly squint and then slowly open make sure both uh both eyebrows are not moving and then slowly squint thus far slowly open when you open and squint open screen eyebrow should not be moving so the P if the pinkies are on eyebrows you can tell if it's moving or not I think I did a video about this - yeah so please search like what is that forehead forehead wrinkles this is so related to forehead and eyebrow if the eyebrows are moving forehead are moving too because those are connected and in order to stop this this angry one you need to develop eye muscle instead of this eyebrow muscle so it really is effective - what's the word probably the I am and a dominant one moves more when you do this so really be careful not to move it at all and this is a great training to train the eye muscles so that you don't have you you can relax eyebrow in foreheadNumber two, body posture and neck posture if you're sitting like this hunched over and then it's like this and then working on computer I'm exaggerating but if you're doing like this all the time when you look up something I'm looking up I'm gonna look up like what time is it when I can looking at the computer using this muscle because I have to look up looking up in general it's not really good idea all the time I mean wait if you want to look up don't look up I mean this looking up it's not good because you have to kind of use this muscle a lot so because this is overworking so first thing is a good posture so that you don't have to look up and the computer should be a little bit I side or should be a little bit down I like it like thirty thirty degree down so that if it's the same height I tend to do like this so I don't like it so first thing you check your posture and neck posture so that you don't have to look down like this that's one thing and also I realize because I started doing some yoga, body yoga and some kind of a mat exercise and because I don't know how to do it I tend to do look look the doing some motion and look at the look up the instructor there then when I'm looking up I'm using this muscle so in general again looking up motion it's not really good idea for because they were it uses overworking forehead so if you want to look up you're doing some body post yoga or something and if you don't look up instead we're looking up then using this muscle look up try to look you up head up so that you don't have to use this muscle that's another thing.You might think oh but we are talking about asymmetrical eyebrow and I write so because everyone has domestic domestic dominant eye dominant eyebrows that kind of thing if you keep using that both eyes both muscle here the dominant side moves more and overdevelop so if you're ya concerned about asymmetrical or even if you're not gonna tell about this metrical I or eyebrows looking up is not really great all the time is not good idea.Number three bangs so let's say I have a bang or let's say because I don't know let's say I'm doing like this hairstyle all the time this is like this and all the time my hair is like this all the time I'm exaggerating of course but if you keep doing the same same bangs same hairstyle all the time and this eye is hidden so I use more this one so that if you if you're eye if you like some kind of asymmetrical hairstyle all the time and don't change all the time and then that's gonna change some muscles too because it's always hidden and this is all always working or something like that so it's better to change your hairstyle if you like asymmetrical like I changed this part part what's the word divider line all the time like multiple times per day.Number four, furniture position so this is very interesting one thing like for example this is a desk and working on something but there's a there's a screen monitor here not here here so I tend to tend to use this one more right but this is not a good example so ideally you should have if you want to have something TV or something you will have one side and one side or something like that or if you're watching TV this is my place and they work the TVs there and always watching like this and then I'm using this side more so that this eyes more then this could be and so the furniture position matters actually.In fact now I'm talking to realize I have the TV monitor here to see some shore something and this is my dominant eye so my dominant is over working to watch this so this is not good actually so ideally I should have two monitors and use alternate this one and this one this one this one to use the both side but that's not really practical but something to think about it, I yeah I I should I actually have another TV monitor that I'm not using so maybe I should put this one here so that I use both sides.Number five, when you look at your phone or something always using my dominant hand and using a dominant side so my suggestion number five using dominant side too much for example when you watch your number five form use when you use phone if you're using the dominant hand it's a little bit if if I use my dominant hand it's a little bit too this dominant side right side right on my so my right eye moves works more but if you use non-dominant side the phone is placed a little bit too non-dominant side so lip you might be able to use non-dominant eye a little bit more than this make sense? so try to use try to carry the phone hold the phone with non-dominant hand as much as possible that's not too easy that's that's easy actually that's not too difficult it's very easy because sometimes I necessarily do because you have to type or pppppp or something so just be aware that maybe you should want to use your phone with non-dominant hand so you use a dominant a little bit more than before and also if you too close I have to work too hard and you get fatigued not good so try to do a little bit far from you and not like this a little bit up all the time.Those are five bad habits that you might be doing and you might want to stop doing for a symmetrical eyes and eyebrows so thank you very much for watching and if you're interested in of exercises check my website Koco face yoga.com- free download this paper look in the sugar oil and also we study really actively publishing some really useful content on my Instagram as well so please check it out and this one channel is available now on fire TV Amazon fire TV so if your review would be really appreciated thank you so much see you next video bye and OH app is available as well don't forget it free download and we having a really cool feature - soon available but if you share the app to your friends with your friends you get free video and you can unlock one more video up to three videos so check it out! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create cupid"s bow with eyelash glue | Hold the shape to let the skin remember the form risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Next Facial osteoporosis part 2 | 7 aging symptons due to facial osteoporosis and how to prevent them risk singhJanuary 29, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Bad Habits To Cause Assymetrical Eyes And Eyebrows", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/18/5-bad-habits-to-cause-assymetrical-eyes-and-eyebrows-how-to-fix"}
Create Cupid"S Bow With Eyelash Glue | Koko face yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create cupid"s bow with eyelash glue | Hold the shape to let the skin remember the form Hi everyone, today we're going to create Cupid's bow with some glue. Before we do that with glue let me talk about five areas in your face that should be more 3D look I don't know how to in it in English I don't know how to explain but it's like a mountain and bumped and in out in out in there are five areas that you should have this out in out in shape, 3D shape to make you look younger and fresher.First one is eyelid, double eyelid, even if you don't have an eyelid double eyelid that's monolith it's fine as long as it looks like looking supple and more what's the word elastic and the fresh not like sang King and saggy this one is a so there's a like what's the word eyelid and then in, because there's the eyelid double eyelid and then double eyelid part is out and in so that's one 3D and the next one is aegyo sal, demikoro in Japanese this one out and in not this big eyebag but this smaller one is called aegyo sal in Korean in which you should have and so this is out in in so that's the number two. Number three is cheekbone higher cheekbone not lower but the higher cheekbones should be out and in and this Cupid’s ball out, out and in and out and in so there are two 3D here and the last one is upper eyelid should be like dark lip out not like this but out.So let me talk about the lip area because we talked about Cupid's bow today but with age this elasticity decreases worsens and then this become more flat and then when that becomes flat you're not gonna have the line Cupid's bow anymore so you should if you wanna look younger you should have a Cupid's bow and if your teenager or something and then you hate Cupid's bow you will miss it in the future so don't worry about it too much I know I have a talk with lots of young people and they say oh I have too much Cupid's bow and I don't like it you might not like it now but you will appreciate it in the future so don't worry about it.So this one yeah so with age become flat and yea mature people they don't have it or very very less and then when this came becomes very loose and weak and saggy you get a tiny wrinkle because there's nowhere to go that leftover skin is like nowhere to go and show us wrinkle so the skin should be kind of fold folded into this spot that's the purpose of the Cupid's bow.In my all the video I did some exercise to create Cupid's bow so if you're interested in exercises please search that on my YouTube channel but today we're gonna use glue so this is a very interesting experiment I'm kind of trying and to be honest I have not done, I have not experienced a long enough to see good result yet but in logically I think it works so let's use glue if you have this is this glue is for actually eyelash.It does not have to be this brand, this is a Japanese one but put the eyelash glue into the Cupid's ball like this yeah haha like this and then creates Cupid's bow with hand, hold it hold it hold it like this and then close it then when you do it I don't want you to put down but look up just a little bit up a little bit hold it Cupid's bow and then up because you wanna have the duck lip and then hold it like ten seconds or something and my recommendation is to well do this and then keep it longer then sleep so do it before sleep if you really want to have your Cupid's eye keep it separate Cupid's bow and sleep so that you don't have to make any facial expression because if I do like this it's like this and if I talk because I'm using more muscle here so it's gonna it's gonna change so keep it and ah hold it and up and then straight it's weird yeah but you will it will not stay this will not stay long time it will change but the point is I'm gonna talk, but the point is that you the muscle in the skin remembers if you keep doing the same thing over and over and for example I hear lots of people use some glue to create what sort eye, double eyelid and if you keep doing it long, many days it remembers the skin remembers muscle remembers so the same thing I think applies to the muscle Cupid's bow as well but they're important you keep it hold it and up duck lip and then sleep or you don't have to sleep but you do it when you're not making any facial expressions, like this is a bad example because I'm talking to you right now so I'm smiling and something's breaking now it's changing so do it when you're by yourself and not talking or not doing any facial expressions and keep it as long as possible and try every day and I would like to see how your result because I haven't explained experiment as long enough.I actually thought tape my work as well, so let me try that use the tape and then tape it a little bit loose here and then create inside the tape not like this but make it like mountain and then create the create ball the light it's the same thing same thing. So this is kind of a same thing as glue whichever you prefer if you're very interested in and then keep it as long as possible but you cannot keep this hands on long time so hold it and then sleep or work on computer or read book or something and they do not make any facial expressions as long as possible and then you should do it on a regular basis ideally every day to see result if it's just one or two times I don't think you're gonna see any result yeah so this is just an experiment.I'm gonna try for a while for a few days and if I seek a result I will keep you guys updated even if I don't seek result maybe I will update it but I'd love you to try it and let me know on the comment because I would love to know.But seriously technically I think it works if you do on the regular basis because this kind of thing works on double eyelid to create double eyelid. I hear a lot I see a lots of comments that people use something like this and create double eyelid and the regular basis and then we eat now without the eyelid that without the glue it stays as double eyelid so I really think it works if you if you do on a regular basis.Next video is gonna be regular tutorial so stay tuned and as always if you're interested in other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com - free download the Yoga paper and the book in sugar oil then app is available also we launch the channel on fire TV and Come Rocky's coming up so please leave a good review because we don't have review yet I mean, thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why you should relax chin | How to relax chin for antiaging | Reduce wrinkles and sagging risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Next 5 bad habits to cause assymetrical eyes and eyebrows | How to fix risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Create Cupid\"S Bow With Eyelash Glue | Koko face yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/2/18/create-cupids-bow-with-eyelash-glue-hold-the-shape-to-let-the-skin-remember-the-form"}
Reduce/Prevent Fine Tiny Lines At The Inner Corners Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Reduce/prevent fine tiny lines at the inner corners of the eyes by reprogramming squinting muscles Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent this tiny fine lines on the inner corners of the eye.This is a new exercise for me and I'm still experimenting so I really hope it works but I haven't still done like a year or so but I hope it works and I'm so excited, I am very confident about it so I wanted to introduce it.First of all why do we get this tiny line because you have if you are concerned about this one, crow's feet you might not have this inner corner of the eye lines more and if you have if you have more inner corners of the eye lines here you might not have crow's feet some people might have both of them but usually it's either concerns, in my case I'm more concerned I'm more personal than inner corners of the eyes rather than crow's feet because I have a habit to smile like this and the closing also attention inside that that has to be changed that has to be fixed.So if you have a concern about the inner corners of the eye more lines tiny lines here please keep watching.First, use finger I'm gonna use the mirror here like this and then use finger and it's a actually same as lower eyelid lift exercise you do lower eyelid lift but when you do, actually my case might this one it has more lines and this one is less so I'm gonna work on this one first because it's easier for me to explain by the way, never mind this just the makeup thing so when you do lower eyelid lift I noticed that I'm my eyes are more like like this inside out in in, moving like this that is very normal because muscle is starting from here from here and then loose and then here so it's like this it's not like me round it's starting from here inner out in in inner out in him so usually the muscle is the starting point of the muscle is very very strong it's really pulling no no pulling it more like a it's like this it's like this and then this like this side like this make sense? so it's coming it's like sticking starting from here here so it's more like what's the word it's coming inside no outside but more like my so it's moving inside because it's starting from here which is normal that's why we get more lines here.So the way we fixed reprogram the muscle is when you squint not squint with the lower eyelid lift up just a little bit out and then prevent them prevent the wrinkles here by playing out and then try to move, look at the mirror very very important look at the mirror and try to move here instead over here so stretch just a little not too much because you're not stretch of things in the area right? so just a little bit out then prevent the wrinkle on the inner side and then really look at and could be touching then… By doing so by by looking at the mirror and I can really see that this part is like I can imagine I what's the word.. I can, I don't know how to explain it's hard to explain but you have to be you have to target the specific muscle which is the outer muscle and without the finger it's so hard to do it it's always moving this side you want to move with this side right so just look at it and then…Unlike me if we both of the eyes are lots of line on the equal amount then you could use two fingers and then stretch out just a little bit then out out out out out so try to move here not here lower eyelid lift up up up not this but this so you could do both at the same time but in my case I have more problem in this side less than and this is better so I'm gonna work on this first so tilt down stretch a little bit then… but I'm really looking at it and trying to lift up here instead over here.I just started this exercise like a week or so so I haven't really done enough to seek result yet but it's very very important to reprogram reprogram the muscle to fix the problem because the cause of this one is not just aging but we are squinting to this side inner inner inner so if we can fix that this motion not to do that and then you will have less wrinkle here I think because that this is I'm like a living proof because my this this side I don't smile like this I smile more for when I squint, I don't smile my heart my muscle in a muscle is known like really coming here it's more like up not like this but this one is a problem it's always like this then I get more lines so yeah I believe I believe so if we reprogram my muscle by doing stretching then and try to lift up here when we smile or when we make facial expressions we can use more outer muscle instead of using inner muscle, makes sense?I will definitely keep you good guys updated about this exercise but so far I think this is a way to reprogram the muscle to wake up more outer lower eyelid instead of inner.So thank you very much for watching by the way this is my new place and I just moved to here like a week ago to it less than two weeks ago and still yeah I just assembled my desk it's terrible I'm so bad at you regret that I didn't get Task Rabbit but anyway yeah so check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download that Yoga paper both of them I mean back and front, the book sugar oil and app is available as well so and we are keeping we are adding a new feature to give you more free exercises on the app so please stay tuned and thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhJanuary 21, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to fix asymmetrical face that is tilting to a side. Chin is tilting, one shoulder is up, etc risk singhJanuary 22, 2020 Next Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits, buccal mouth massage and face shiatsu risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reduce/Prevent Fine Tiny Lines At The Inner Corners", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/21/reduceprevent-fine-tiny-lines-at-the-inner-corners-of-the-eyes-by-reprogramming-squinting-muscles"}
How To Fix Asymmetrical Face | Chiropractic Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to fix asymmetrical face that is tilting to a side. Chin is tilting, one shoulder is up, etc Hi everyone today I'm going to work on asymmetrical asymmetrical face like this.Even if you just say asymmetrical face there are so many patterns so this is just one of them and I'm I plan to do more in the coming episodes but for now I mean for today I just had the hair color and a hair change a little bit and it's in the process of gray ombre so I don't like this so much yet but in four weeks it will be better so please bear with my hair it's not so anyway this one so this is just one of the many many a symmetrical patterns.So let's talk about that this one is like a little bit more design the shoulders are more like this yeah so the neck is more like this if I exaggerate right? and then chin is more to this side right? this side so the mouth is more up everything is tilted to this side so yeah mouth is it yeah if I chew talk like this of course that my corners of the eye, corner of the eyebrow, corner of the mouth, everything is up here but this is more like to this side bottom so this is one of the typical asymmetrical face so let's fix this.Number one neck stretch this is kind of really basic super important because the cause of this is happening it's basically this this this one right? yeah, this one so we need to fix this this one to front so let's do it.First relax your body, spine straight shoulder down you cannot do this if you like this or like this or like this or like this, cannot do that so it's very important to have good posture first and then slowly tilt.Use your fingers if you can, then like this and if you cannot use finger that's fine too but finger helps to lift it down lift it up here so like this and you don't want to do like this you wanna like this just like straight but tilt 45-degree feel the good stretch here because that's important then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10.One tip, I mean warning is that I did like one time did like 30 seconds or 1 minute or 3 minute I forgot how long it was too long you know when I came back it was so painful so don't do over 10 seconds, 10 seconds maximum but not just one time the more the better to some extent so let's let's do it again, yeah, so not like this not like this yeah, good spine straight shoulder down then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 and then slowly come back I don't want to do suddenly come back and then you might hurt the neck they're very important because one time I had neck pain it was so annoying yeah I never had that big pain it was last year and it was really killing me so I really don't want you to have neck pain so please please please be careful and let's do one more time so three to five times per day but I'm gonna just do three times for the purpose of YouTube so one two three four five six seven eight nine ten [Music] slowly come back.Next one as we drill it this area let's talk about let's do about the touch him with the chiropractic technique so I think it's coming I'm exaggerating but this is burst and the chin is to this side right? this side so no no no no I'm sorry this side this side so it's like this if I could saturate I don't want to break it I don't it's like there so you need to break back in straight so that the center of the like here's the center of the upper teeth and center of the lower teeth is aligned straight so check your mirror which one is tilted in your case? and it used two fingers like this so it's like this so you want to tilt the back like this so it's like use your palm here and then press to this side to bring it back and the other one is like here like like so this is like 45 another step sorry this is like 45 degree yeah like this and then straight your head, like this then head, put your head on your butt not like this not like this so straight your head and then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, it's a really big this amount it's big pressure. Let’s do it again because I think my head was not straight it's hard to say on the mirror so I'm gonna check my mirror here, so like this head straight then one two three four, when you're doing your mouth should be slightly open because you don't wanna have any tension here so 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, relax and then last time three times so third time then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, like this and check your mirror and then if then lower teeth and upper teeth is align, I hope so.Last one is neck massage which you can do when you are in uber or something when when you are waiting for something instead of doing fun like this you could do this exercise I mean massage exercise and why does this why does neck matter for asymmetrical face because body is like foundation of your face. Face is attached to the body so if the body is is very asymmetrical of course you're gonna get you're gonna get asymmetrical face and the thing about this is when because of lots of phone use or lots of I don't know asymmetrical behavior and bad posture, our neck is messed up, in general so we know we want our time to time I really do in one every time I uber,I tried to do some neck exercise but my new favorite that I learned recently is this.So this is your neck and there's a bone and there's a two big muscle here one and two and it's really stuck to that roots so you want to really like like this in from bottom up one two three four five and try to like kind of scrape scrape to release the fossa like one two three four five, again, one two three four five. This is my favorite exercise lately.Again everything is connected because this is there some neck I mean spine and neck shoulder and there's a big skull here skull and then forehead then eyebrows are hanging, eye and lip and no lip, but chin and lip so if this part is stiff not elastic enough and then which is coming from neck and then you got, gonna you're gonna have it less elastic forehead and then you get the estimate like beam the beam things happen so it's very important to do some massage technique and the thing about faces you cannot really do face massage when you are in uber right so that's why and you're wearing makeup or something so you cannot just mess up plus you have to use fingers you have to wash your finger when you do before you do massage facial massage but if it's just the neck I don't think you need to be really careful worried about them, clean finger on the neck I guess so that's why I like doing this and I keep doing it recently all the time.So three things we did for this version of the asymmetrical face to the hay which was the first one is this massage, no massage but the stretch yeah ten seconds maximum and then three times three to five times each day don't do more than ten seconds from my I'm telling you because of my bad experience and the number two was this thing chiropractic, ten seconds and also the last one was this neck massage release the fascia by scraping like one two three four five. If you’re interested in the other exercises I have lots of tutorials on our channel and this is a new location so it's hard to do but there's a face yoga paper there oh my gosh there's a big mirror and it's really talking attacking there so I need to change the setting, anyway, that’s a book, free download from Koko faceyoga.com and the sugar oil and the book and our app is available as well, so please check it out just search Koko, ko ko face yoga. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhJanuary 22, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 aging symptoms due to facial osteoporosis | saggy cheeks, saggy jawlines and hollow on eye area risk singhJanuary 25, 2020 Next Reduce/prevent fine tiny lines at the inner corners of the eyes by reprogramming squinting muscles risk singhJanuary 21, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Fix Asymmetrical Face | Chiropractic Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/22/how-to-fix-asymmetrical-face-that-is-tilting-to-a-side-chin-is-tilting-one-shoulder-is-up-etc"}
How To Make Hollow Cheeks Fuller & Rejuvenate Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to make hollow cheeks fuller & rejuvenate the skin from inside out naturally Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how to make hollow cheeks a little bit more flare and skin rejuvenation for a long long long time since I started teaching face yoga or since started doing face yoga to myself I didn't know how to do it, I didn't know how to make face flower I mean the cheeks fuller because flat cheeks make you look younger and with age, some people including me have more hollow cheeks and makes you all look older which I did really hate it and I thought I am the only way I can get game fat is maybe I just have to gain weight and I had to gain weight on purpose but I was not really happy about my body and I don't know what to do and name something came out to my head.The inspiration is this! This is a kaatsu band! Kaatsu means add pressure, this is for body actually this is for arm, so you wear it like this a little bit hold it a little bit tight not too tight a little bit tight and then moderate not stop the blood circulation but to moderate the blood circulation and then do some exercise actually you wear them both at the same time and I've been doing I mean recently I haven't done it but I have this thing more than like 15 years long time and do some exercise then when you do exercise it's really hard to do it because of this because the blood circulation is moderated so and then when you release this band well too bad all the Bloods are that's lactic acid accumulated here it's gonna win everything. Once you release it Shh like really both of the body I don't know how to explain this because unless you experiment experience it but it's really amazing III I'm a big fan of it anyway so this exercise inspired me to do create this exercise for the cheeks.So what you're gonna do is first, relax then one side up and try put a little bit like try to make this more here not here because you don't wanna train here you wanna train more upper face this is overworking muscle you don't need to overwork so you wanna overwork this I mean you want to wake up the sleeping I'm also here so a little bit up… well I'm wearing a pencil [Music] like this try it and of course, do to the outside but the logic is it's like a when you do… you are adding a pressure from inside right and then you add the pressure with a hand like this, from outside so it's like a minor thing so it's like this really hard pressure it's happening here by doing so I felt this kind of the same sensation, conversation, sensation is happening to me so after this you really have to you cannot do like this is not a big effective you have to really make big balloon pick one as big as possible like all over them all over the cheek mm-hmm and then yeah just press slowly press all over the cheeks by doing so, I realize that when I release it when I really said a lot of circulation is going I feel it it's the same sensation as this which means because of that blood circulation is really happening here in them release it all the lactic acid accumulated here is all over the face Shh Shh… like all over the place which is really good for skin rejuvenation because the logic is this.Let me explain this when the lactic acid move around Shh like this it kind of pokes wakes up the sleeping not the muscle but the sleeping capillaries. Capillaries are like a tiny stuff around the veins and that capillaries distribute good nutrients and oxygen to the skin but those are might be sleeping so by doing waking up by Shh after say shooting and the lactic acid movement wakes up the capillary and the capillary distribute the skin the oxygen and nutrients to the skin which means you're gonna get you're gonna rejuvenate the skin makes sense? I mean if you don't trust me to try it just try it and you feel the difference it's still tiring here it's still tiring on my side so let's do the outside and try to make that it's hard but try to make more upper side up… and I feel very very tired right now do you feel tired fatigued I'm if you're not feeling fatigued you're not going you are not doing a good job and then because lactic acid is moving around it's really shhh… it's happening to release a lactic acid more effectively you're gonna do inhale then yes this is important but this really tried to vibrate the cheeks not just after lip but the cheeks yes release a lactic acid by doing this.I like this exercise personally because personally in my face I kind of am my because of my genetics I tend to lose weight lose fat in the skin in the in the face which is really concerning me so I'm gonna keep trying this and keep you guys updated because this is a new technique that I just covered recently but I was too excited to wait to introduce to you guys I really would like to try it it wasn't so it's easy right and one thing I would like you to be aware that if you do like this it's okay but it may be dirty because a phone, a computer or something so I suggest you do here yeah this is fine too as long as your fingers are clean but mine will be clean in my case I use this.Another thing I would like you to know to understand is that the increasing a fat, is a kind of not easy I don't think it's easily possible by doing face exercises unless you eat a lot but increasing this the volume of muscle is doable it's possible at any age same as body right? so by doing this exercise you feel fatigued that's a good sign that you're doing great muscle exercise so you're gonna increase the volume of the muscle plus the shhhh… lactic acid thing happening in the wake up the sleeping capillary to distribute more oxygen and nutrients are you gonna, you should get more beautiful skin I think.Please let me know your feedback I really like to know. As always please check my website koko face yoga.com to free download, the yoga paper and sugar oil and book is available as well and the app is available as well! So please check it out! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhDecember 29, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What are muscle knots in eyebrows? | How to find/break down them for symmetrical brows, brow lift risk singhJanuary 4, 2020 Next how to fix angry eyebrow for symmetrical eyebrows | Make eyebrows more symmetrical risk singhDecember 29, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Make Hollow Cheeks Fuller & Rejuvenate", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/29/how-to-make-hollow-cheeks-fuller-amp-rejuvenate-the-skin-from-inside-out-naturally"}
What Are Muscle Knots In Eyebrows? | How To Find/Break Down Them Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What are muscle knots in eyebrows? | How to find/break down them for symmetrical brows, brow lift Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about muscle nuts in the eyebrow area. In Japan we call it Cody it happens especially special on the, not eyebrow but, here there's a big rock muscle rock which is called quarry or in English muscle knot, it's happening here right? and actually that same thing the same tiny tiny muscle rock happening on eyebrow area. The reason why this is happening is we accumulate a lot of tension here around here especially inner corner of the eye and inner corner of the eyebrow here like between 11th like around here so that the tension is happening all the time here here in the show creates muscle not around here as well and it's very very important to try to break break down the muscle not around here otherwise you can accumulate more bigger muscle knots like this rock now as it as big as this but the bigger one happening here and then you're gonna get asymmetrical, asymmetrical eyes or eyebrows more angry like this angry eyebrows or could be like a bump this, so this is a forehead right forehead and these are like a little big bump here you see. Mine is not that big but because I'm trying to reduce it but used to be more fuller smooth forehead but now it's like smooth in them bump here this bump is caused by muscle knots and lots of tension with age that increases and I think that bump above eyebrow is one of the hidden one of the ignored ignore the parts that make you look older. People don't realize that people don't really think about it but now some I'm still aware of it I'm every time I see people I kind of check this area and kids don't much have it but older people have it and that makes you look older unconsciously I think and people really don't pay attention but that matters for unconscious impression I think.Also when you have lots of tension around here and then of course you it's easy to get this 11, 1 to 11 lines between eyebrows so if you wanna get rid of this you need to get rid of, you need to break down the muscle tension in the eyebrow area you know I yeah I think so, and I personally I think this forehead lines or this one does not make you look older as much as you think but this eyebrow thing yeah this can make you look older more than this because this one and this one is when kids have it right and it's not too big deal for me because it's easy to fix but this one is not this muscle rock the what's a little - the muscle knots knots knots I call it rock but knot, this bumpy thing here above the eyebrow I think that's really bothering recently.So please check your side angle maybe you can take a picture and then check if you have how much bump do you have on both sides, yeah right now I cannot see it but yeah I'm gonna take a picture to check I actually got the clay from Amazon so I'm gonna show you my muscle not it's like this this very very tiny very tiny but it's happening like around here in our and you know here to make things worse actually this is not just one multiple are happening living around here in my case so let's now try to break down the muscle knot. I've been kind of obsessed recently but it's like here you put your finger on that joint use your joint hogwash a tool or and then use the other hand to prevent wrinkle otherwise you might cause wrinkle like this you don't want to do that so a little bit yeah to the side and then print, point to prevent wrinkle and then like yeah I feel it this is so fun and every time I see I teach in people in person I use their hand to let them feel touch the muscle coz it's so fun it's hard to find it but once you find it it's really obvious the big rock like this big rock rock is happening seriously.In my case it's easy to use dominant hand and dominant eye yeah and then do the other one I have to cross it to when I do the non-dominant one so it's a bit it'd be hard to do maybe this is yeah yeah no I cannot find it now I cannot find it, it's not easy to find how's the beginning oh my gosh I cannot find it so we're gonna use this one. Do you like this like a little bit cool here and then we go oh yeah I lost it it's so hard.In general I think dominant dominant eyes creates more bigger or multiple muscle not so start with dominant hand and dominant eye because it's easier to find right now join the non-dominant one so it's it's really hard for me to find it, if you cannot find it but you might feel some pain and that's a lot that's a big a lot you got her tension so that's okay even if you don't find that specific muscle knot or the rocks as long as you feel pain some kind of good pain you try to break down the muscle tension which is good yeah I feel I found it yeah the more you break down or not the muscle knots become smaller which is a good sign.In my next video I'm gonna talk about how to read fashia on eyebrow area which is called aka eyebrow pinching so if you're interested in more to make more fuller forehead and beautiful eyebrows please check it out!Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhJanuary 4, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous What is eyebrow fascia and brow pinching? | Release fascia from muscles for symmetrical brows, etc risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 Next How to make hollow cheeks fuller & rejuvenate the skin from inside out naturally risk singhDecember 29, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Are Muscle Knots In Eyebrows? | How To Find/Break Down Them", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/4/what-are-muscle-knots-in-eyebrows-how-to-findbreak-down-them-for-symmetrical-brows-brow-lift"}
Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits, buccal mouth massage and face shiatsu Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about some exercises and tips to prevent or reduce this small lines above the upper lip.First of all why do we get this line and it increases well more with age because I mean this muscle maybe because you're doing some bad facial expression for example could be I mean of the fish like you have a tension here when your face is resting instead of a relaxing instead of relaxing instead of having attention on upper in corners of the mouth heads up instead of that it might be doing like this like this and then see because this has a tension around here more tension on the chin and upper lip as well even if you don't really see the line when when you have tension this pause it's accumulated in shorts wrinkle so please try to relax the lip as much as possible.One interesting, one good way is… just relax the relax and the vibrate the cheeks, the bigger the better yesterday I was talking with my really cute super nice, my client and she was having her time doing thing and then she discovered that if she imagines that there's like balloons on the ball type and instead and then instead of doing like airing out she imagined that air the balloon is coming to the side instead of to front and then she was able to do it so if you have having trouble with doing cheap vibration please try it because this this is a really great way to relax this muscle which is important for preventing and reducing this line here.Other bad habits is that you might be doing too much stroll when you Starbucks or something and you might be doing stroll too much I mean I just draw sometimes too but try not to do and yeah because when you stroll line is happening also you might be doing up I can't do it but if you will so all the time it's a positive it's a great thing but if you're concerned about this wrinkle I advise not to do it so much because the heart rate obviously you see the wrinkle right so that's not good yeah example I mean the habit.Next one is back home massage, so this is a massage aka inside the mouth so use your finger make sure that the fingers, the nails are not too long too sharpie don't do that so cut short and smooth and then use it clean your face I mean but not the finger like this… then so and I'd like you to check your mirror so use a mirror like this I'm gonna look at this then you are like this and try to create the Cupid's bow this one, the line on purpose, not like this you don't wanna stretch too much cuz you wanna stretch the skin you wanna have this line that makes you look old, younger you need it and who don't stretch too much you simply like this and then try to make the line a little bit like not like this but like this you see the difference yeah like this and then a little bit like that clip a little bit up because you would like to have the lip a little bit more like this duck clip not because you want to do because if you want to look younger because with age this this line becomes less and this becomes thinner so yeah like there and then massage like a Chinese chuckle 1 2 3 4 5 and the reverse one two three four five but when you're doing it, I would like you to move the insider inside up alright with massage like this side not this side so you just hold it with a thumb on top of the skin like this but for for the motion movement you try to I mean both moves a little bit but really try to move inside inside this pointing index index finger yeah I don't know maybe yeah this finger with one and then close it make the Cupid put in a little bit up and then 1 2 3 4 5, 1 2 3 4 5 it's like this 1 2 3 4 5, 1 2 3 4 5 and then you are and again try not to sweat just don't do not do this inside here and then 1 2 3 4 5, 1 2 3 4 5 run home and then in and out so in and up up up yeah in n up braaap braap up, 1 2 3 4 5, 1 2 3 4 5 so this way we're really breaking down the muscle tension from inside out.Muscle tension is happening underneath the skin so even if you do lots of massage or something that's good that's better than nothing but it's it's less effective than it I mean I have a goodish from inside it's way more effective because the muscle is underneath the skin and we're really targeting the muscle directly from inside but if you're super super conscious about this area line you could do with some skin care products and lubricant we could do the breakdown the muscle not thing from outside as well so you do from any type this is more higher priority but if you really want to take care of it you can do sandwich you can do inside and like this and also outside, so let's do the outside version.I's shiatsu technique this time we're gonna use the this area here then ideally you might want to use lubricant because it's more smoother so you could do when you apply skincare cream then 1 2 3 4 5 just like a 1 2 3 4 5 it's a little bit of one two three four five it's like one two three four five it's more up wash them and then really tight you should you might you can. I don’t know the right English but when I do it sometimes I feel some kind of up I could tell the muscle tiny tiny notes are happening here and I can really break it down by doing this yeah I feel like a little bit so that the muscle not that you want to break down because when the muscle knot, muscle become tension not tension but tense then that muscle it's very very less elastic and it's easy to cause wrinkle I mean it's easy to that's like a muscle memory wrinkle is a muscle memory so you keep doing the facial expression over and over and then if the muscle is elastic the muscle doesn't remember the lines but because it's less elastic it remembers and show us wrinkle. I just realized something so another another bad facial expression habit you might want to do if your points on right here is like like when your face is so tense or nervous or I don't know like I'm gonna exaggerating but emotion if you might be doing it and then every time you do pull to the side this is overworking muscle by the way so you need to relax you shouldn't do this but for some reason if you do that in emotion then you are stretching the skin area right to the side so what if I mean don't worry but if you keep doing it this philtrum area has excess skin because it's stretched too much and then that excess skin show as wrinkle when it's coming to the correct position and show us a wrinkle, so don't stretch to the emotion I don't want to do this is even even as a bad example for that YouTube tutorial purpose because I'm scared of I'm scared of too long philtrum and everything anyway so don't do that don't do emotion always up.Thank you very much for watching!If you're interested in other exercises please visit my website Koco [email protected] com to free download the yoga paper and the book and sugar oil and app is available, Android and Apple both, so please check it out, it's a free download. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reduce/prevent fine tiny lines at the inner corners of the eyes by reprogramming squinting muscles risk singhJanuary 21, 2020 Next What is eyebrow fascia and brow pinching? | Release fascia from muscles for symmetrical brows, etc risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/16/reduceprevent-lines-above-upper-lip-stop-bad-habits-buccal-mouth-massage-and-face-shiatsu"}
What Is Eyebrow Fascia And Brow Pinching? Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account What is eyebrow fascia and brow pinching? | Release fascia from muscles for symmetrical brows, etc Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about fascia on eyebrow area. Fascia is a very very thin layer between muscle and skin and that must the faster layer becomes very tense and hard when muscle become hard and then what happens is the fascia is supposed to distribute good nutrients and oxygen to the skin but it because it's so so hard in so steep it does not work so it does not the skin does not receive any good stuff from the muscle right? so yeah the important thing is to win when that happened up that fascia become really sticky, stick to that muscle and it does not reduce it's not released so it's important to release that posture by doing pinching technique. In my previous video I talked about the importance of this making the forehead a little bit more fuller not this bee and then pick this thing this bump makes you look older and this is happening from muscle not that I talked about in in my previous one and also fascia is so stick sticked and so stick to the muscle so hard so if you all have really really really have beautiful forehead and beautiful symmetrical eyebrows and everything please keep watching.What you need is two fingers like this and then pinch it not from here but like little bit more like an inside this area inside in the inside then pull and then little bit out because you don't across wrinkle like this the across your wrinkle right? between eyebrows you don't like that so pull and then out it's a bit hardest pitch yeah but this has the biggest tension happening so pinch and then out then one two three four five then a little bit more up then pinch and out one two three four five then again pinch and out one two three four five.When you do this be careful not to not to really stretch the eye area because this is a skin, thin skin so you're not a stretch too much so just be careful also if you have same sticky pointy now be careful better to cut short so that does not damage the skin and does not damage the eyeball - yeah don't damage the eyeball yeah, so number three pinch and out so I think we did the number four fourth position pinch and out one two three four five really like this pinching like this much see my muscle is moving because I have a lot yeah like this piinnchh not just paint but paint and then number five position pinch and out one two three four five yep and then just reduce the tension by doing like this the tempo yep that’s it!You can do more like motion more much like around the motion but when you do it try not to cause a wrinkle like this super careful like just a little bit but it's easy to cause a wrinkle like this in between here so super super duper careful yeah cuz you don't wanna have this.My forehead is a little bit red because of this but this is super temporary so don't worry about it and you can use oil if you like so you could do when you're apply skincare and do at the same time, that's great idea but if you feel like oh you're waiting or friends or something and you have time to do it just do it without oil so that you can do anytime anywhere.As long as you're not really big causing friction you're not gonna get skin damage so just pinch and out in up up and up put so I pull up out and out.As always please visit my website Koko [email protected] to free download the yoga paper, sugar oil, book, app is available and also super exciting project is coming up! So please stay tuned! risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits, buccal mouth massage and face shiatsu risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 Next What are muscle knots in eyebrows? | How to find/break down them for symmetrical brows, brow lift risk singhJanuary 4, 2020 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "What Is Eyebrow Fascia And Brow Pinching?", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2020/1/16/what-is-eyebrow-fascia-and-brow-pinching-release-fascia-from-muscles-for-symmetrical-brows-etc"}
How To Find Which Eye Is Your Dominant Or Non-Dominant Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to find which eye is your dominant or non-dominant | Why you should know for symmetrical eyes Hi everyone, today I'm going to introduce how to identify which eye is your dominant eye and which one is not. Like our hand we have a dominant eye and non non dominant eye and it's important to know which one it is because if you're concerned with beauty because the dominant eye which is on the right eye on my side by the way a lot of times right hand people, have right hand dominant but that's all it always a case that's why we're gonna do find out later but before that I wanted to talk about why it's important to know because a lot of because this eye is dominant in general, this eye is over working and this one is less working so what happened is that the tension is more accumulated in this side and we get more wrinkle for example this small one I have more wrinkle here than this one because this is dominant that's one thing and because it's I get so much fatigue for blood circulation then you might get more dark circle or eye bag or any bad yeah like a hooded eye or eyebrows that sagging or actually my case it's a little bit up it depends on the person and the facial expression habit but lots of lots of anti aging, no no, aging symptoms and it's metrical eye situation happens because we keep using the same eye, a dominant eye over and over.So if you know which one is dominant in which one's not you can kind of try to treat the dominant eye more than don't non dominant one so that you become more the eyes more symmetrical and aging symptom is reduced.So let's find out which one is which, so first use your finger like this and make angle and find something find them some kind of object in a distance very far distance yeah find it yeah and then the distance is inside the circle like like this I have something in there so I'm looking at like this and then slowly slowly reduce the size of the circle like by crossing both their hands like this both eyes are open right now right and looking up like this then then close the right eye actually I'm sorry close the left I first left eye first and then I'm looking at the object by opening only the right eye which is my dominant and then reverse I'm in the other side close the right eye and then the object disappear in my case if that's the case because I'm looking at the left side so left eye is non-dominant and right eye like eye is dominant so the point is if the item does not change the distant position is still inside the circle and then the eyes looking at the the same position is your dominant right so you close the left eye and you're using only the right eye and still the same position and that's your dominant make sense?So now what I would like to know which one which side was not your dominant eye please comment in the description below not the description the comments section below coz I would like love to know I heard that in general if you're right-handed you might have right hand right is dominant but it's not always the case so I'm just curious because we find out which one is dominant my side is the right side so then when you do face shiatsu what any beauty treatment on the eye area you can work on the dominant eye more the less dominant non-dominant I'm to make it more symmetrical and and then yeah remove reduce or slow down aging process on the right dominant side.In my next video I'm gonna explain what kind of a treatment what kind of exercise on face yet the technique you can do to reduce the stress and in relaxing the muscle on dominant I so that we get more symmetrical eyes so please stay tuned.Totally separately from this dominant eye kind of story I'd like to ask you a favor so next year is January 4th in LA Los Angeles, I will be teaching face yoga class and there's a sign up in the description below i put a link there so if your very nice person please sign up for my class because it's free, free registration, free sign up and because the more the most the instructors who has the biggest sign up on this schedule website will move to the biggest room to teach and I really would like to achieve that because that will contain more than 1000 people, it's very very exciting so that i can introduce a greatness for greatness of face yoga so I need your help so if you're a very nice person please help me out and thank you very much for watching as always, check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download that Yoga paper and then the sugar oil and book and everything there so please check it out. Thank you so much! See you in the next video. Bye! risk singhDecember 2, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to treat dominant eye for making asymmetrical eyes more symmetrical | Muscles knots, fascia, etc risk singhDecember 7, 2019 Next Create almond shaped eyes | Face shiatsu to break down knots, aegyo sal exercise, etc risk singhNovember 29, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Find Which Eye Is Your Dominant Or Non-Dominant", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/2/how-to-find-which-eye-is-your-dominant-or-non-dominant-why-you-should-know-for-symmetrical-eyes"}
How To Create Almond Shaped Eyes | Aegyo Sal Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Create almond shaped eyes | Face shiatsu to break down knots, aegyo sal exercise, etc Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about almond shaped eyes. This was recommended by our viewers so I wanted to know what it is first of all coz I didn't know. According to online thing, says, almond shaped eyes have a smaller eyelid and a longer and widow's them they're round just like an almond. I still don't understand so let's see another thing.Another article says that their eyes with oval shape over shape that are slightly upturned at the outer corner, okay that's easier to understand. Yeah, so I'm going to do three exercises to create more almond shaped eyes let's try it.Number one, face shiatsu massage to reduce tension around the eye, with tension a lots of tension is happening here because we are always thinking, go in front of computer, eyes have fatigue, lots of things and lots of tension muscle not is happening around the eyebrows and I area so we need to break down we need to reduce the tension so that eye opens more bigger.There are many acupoints around the eyes but we're gonna focus on two most important acupoints here and here. Use your thumb joint, second joint of the thumb and then do like this it's a around like here yeah the first one is here it's a little bit like below the, little bit below the eyebrow yeah it's around here between the eyeball, I mean the eyeball and here do not damage the eyeball because that's that's damaging I don't want to do it's almost touching that it's kind of touching the eyebrow but a little bit below that has lots of tension and sometimes I haven't still figure mastered yet but I can feel muscle not like this big rock is happening in here, our surprised that I had it is it was so big and sometimes I can’t find it I cannot always find it but I've tried on some other people and sometimes I can’t find it so there's a rock in here it's very very tiny but obviously it's a rock and I hope I hope you'll be able to fill the rock if you have failed a rock just try to reduce them like circle try to make like a zigzag zigzag zigzag or circle and try to break them reduce the size of the not even if you don't have them find a lot that's okay you might feel pain which means lots of tension is happening there so we need to reduce the pain it should be not too painful but it's like a good pain.Do one minute let's do it, like here, like this, but another one thing that I like you to be careful when you do it don't like this and cause the wrinkle here, I don't like that so use the other finger to like a stretch a little bit so that you do not cause a wrinkle yeah then ziggazaggazoo, I'm doing like around here zico zico zico zico zico and try move a little bit around the hair to try to find a knot muscle knot yeah secrets a good zico zico zico zico take them and are doing one minute, my phone is not showing okay yeah 30 more seconds…zico zico zico zico do you feel the pain? it's very painful to me and obvious for you to have to do the other side and so oh yeah I found it I found it like a tick yep that this is a muscle not once you find it really try to catch it because it's hard to find it, yeah I feel that sound by touching the muscle knot here yeah as I found it I'm gonna do a little bit longer yeah this could be like the wrong thing the most important thing is do not cause a wrinkle so use the other finger here yeah I feel it, it's it's like what is this it's like here here but for real I'm spit, I'm attaching a little bit below the eyebrow but obviously it depends on everyone everyone's eyebrows different, eye shape is different so I don't know where the knot is but I hope you will find it it's painful but it's good thing. Okay let's move on to the other side, so it's a run here and again use the finger to use here second joint of thumb and then do not cause on the wrinkle on the elevens then yeah oh I feel that not again here I've been kind of trying to find that muscle not almost every day so I'm becoming better to find it, now I lost it, so do it one minute… if using a non dominant hand is harder for you to do it you can do dominant hand but again do not do not do not pose wrinkle on the forehead on the eleventh area so use the other finger so that you know cause recall the action this is easier for me what you can do like this - actually this is easier for me yeah I got a lot yeah not once you find a lot really try to tackle it, yeah one minute I don't know how long how many seconds more but yeah it's like this yep ziggazaggazoo it's very very small look man so you don't pull that skin too much it's very tiny movement.Okay now let's move on to the lower this is another important acupoint yep so use the joint again and then I'm gonna do here this is yeah and then one minute this one don't zigzag really try to really press press yeah, here it's like here, do not damage the eyeball just around here and then slowly press… yeah mm-hmm then because I'm sweating a little bit it moves a little bit so move a little bit from the lower part because it goes up so slowly crash and let's do the other side you might see a little bit redness but it's very very temporary it's not causing friction so that's okay as long as you you're not you're not doing like this big one you're not causing a friction so you do not need any face cream or a lubricant yes you can close your eyes if you if it you want to relax there are eyes - mm-hmm okay I feel my eyes a little bit open what do you think?Number two, to create more oval shape which means that this part is bigger right? and in order to do that my favorite aegyo sal and lower eyelid exercise lower eyelid lift up aka a aegyo sal exercise well in case you don't know what aegyo sal, ahmm how I am going to…okay that's like this area a little bit like a smaller tiny eye bag this big one you don't want to have it a smaller one you want to have it because if you have developed lots of good muscle on the lower eyelid you should see some line here and it's a really cute because that makes your eyes look bigger and prevent eyebag also really a more defined eye look because eye becomes bigger not just because this I guess all but I itself becomes bigger because of the muscle so let's do it.First use your finger in the middle one is inside to prevent wrinkles and then the other one is here to prevent our crow's feet and also when you do lower either lift up like like this try to move the outer one because that's the sleeping part most most of the time so try to first we're gonna look up 45 degree up and try to move only lower eyelid try to lift up lower only lower eyelid, up down up down… I'm doing my eyebrows up just 45 degree up but do not move anything forehead or eyebrow anything like that just use the lower eyelid muscle and up down up down… 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… okay and this time next, we're gonna look 45-degree down and do the same thing this time because we are looking down you should see some movement in here but I gained normally the eyebrows no move your forehead let's do it again okay so again try to move the outer lower I did especially up down up down, three four go look shit-hot cute joo… and then last one look just look at the camera or something, screen, and then let’s do it again, up up.. some she go look she's hot cute jooo.. okay that's it! and if you become pro you don't use finger if you think you're not causing wrinkle here I still have wrinkle here so I'm used often here but touching helps the brain to tell that we are trying to lift up more outer muscle here.Number three cat eye because for almond shape it's an oval shape but the outer corner the eyes should be a little bit turned up right so let's do I did a feel I did this video recently so you know this but you might notice but let's do their cat eye exercise so to make the outer corners open just a little bit turned up so use your fingers like this and then the other one come up and then wink wink but not just regular wink.Regular wink is the upper eyelid and lower eyelid this is like equally closing right it's not that what are we trying to do is use really outer corner here up yeah so up and it you can use lift up a little bit like up up up up to tell the brain way that we are doing this up motion just a little bit but try really try to move this area as much as possible then up down up down um she go look shit, you see I'm my fingers are moving not just because a little bit I'm trying to move this area but I think intentional a little bit my fingers are moving up to help support the lift up motion so go look shit cut cute joo… so by by using this hand here we are kind of stopping the crowd if you have crow's feet you can do more here to stop it or if you don't have the crow's feet it's okay like that on the temple but try to fix here so that you move only this area and of course let's do the other side so up knee some she go look sheet touch cute jus and you can do 10 times or 20 times 30 times but better to do like too too toooo… that's too too fast so do it slowly like 1 2 3 4 and really try to move here that's the key for cat eye.So those are three exercises you can do to create your um make your eyes a little bit more arm on the shape I hope it helps a little bit also I want to ask you a favor if you're a nice person if you have time please sign up for my class at the yoga Expo next year January 4th in LA even if you cannot make it because the more sign up on the website in the its in the description below but put the more sign up I get, the person, the instructor who has a biggest number of the sign up we'll move to the biggest stage to teach so I'm very excited to I would love to teach my face yoga exercise at the biggest space 4000, its accommodate more than thousand people so I would like to try that but I need your help to do that because I need lots of sign up so if you nice enough and and please please do that sign up because I really need your help! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 29, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to find which eye is your dominant or non-dominant | Why you should know for symmetrical eyes risk singhDecember 2, 2019 Next Things you can do from non-dominant side, for fixing asymmetrical body and face risk singhNovember 17, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Create Almond Shaped Eyes | Aegyo Sal Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/29/create-almond-shaped-eyes-face-shiatsu-to-break-down-knots-aegyo-sal-exercise-etc"}
Fixing Asymmetrical Body And Face By Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Things you can do from non-dominant side, for fixing asymmetrical body and face Hi everyone, today I'm going to introduce ten things that you can start doing from non-dominant side, in my previous video I talked about 12 things that you can do with non-dominant hand to make our body more symmetrical and face most metrical as well but today's gonna be different today is the things that you can do from left side not left hand by left side, those are relatively easier than using left hand because you serious dominant hand but still if you keep doing it I'm just there's some behavior that I'm gonna introduce with from the left side your brain is kind of get confused and it's a good training to train more left side and left hand as well. So if you’re very concerned about asymmetrical face and body, keep watching.Number one, when you brush your teeth use, I always do some how I do from aha right right the right side which is my dominant side so why don't we start with non-dominant side you still use the right hand I mean the dominant hand but you can still try to do from the non-dominant side which is different behavior so it's good for brain and it's good for symmetrical body structures as well.Number 2, make up, when you do, let's say eyebrow, I tried, if I don't think about it, I use, I start with the dominant side so why don't we start with non-dominant side and then come back to dominant side.Number three, eye make up, it's the same thing, start with non-dominant side.Number four, Cupid's bow so when you apply lipstick there like a Cupid's bow here right so somehow I start always do from this side well so why don't I start with this side for a change.Number five, cheek, when you do cheek, I always do this from this side so why don't we start from this side.Number six, when you wear pants I always do from this side right side so I should try to do more from left side.Number seven, when you wear something I always my right side is first like this is first so instead I should do this left side and then right side so doesn't have to be just this top that could be like a jacket or anything and when you take it off I always do from right side right? so maybe I should yeah I should do from left side and then out.Number eight, stocks, so when you wear socks, I always do from the right side so I should start from left side.Number nine, shoes, people tend to wear from the right side I mean the non dominant side so let’s start fromt non-dominant.Last thing is a little bit different it's about, so eye patch so if you use eyepatch on the non-dominant eye which is most likely left side because if you are right-handed very likely that your right eye is more dominant eye so right, let the dominant eye rest so that you use more don't non-dominant eye so I'm going to eyepatch this dominant side yeah just slightly and then watch TV or yeah if you work on computer with this it's gonna be so hard it's very very stressful so I don't suggest to do that unless you're very used to it but maybe you watch TV or something relax, stretch or something then you can spend some time like hours with this and when you open it, actually I've done it multiple times and it makes big difference, my eyes are so, like eyesight it becomes very like clear eye sizes more symmetrical because this overusing overused eye is having lots of rest so yeah it becomes bigger yeah so if you're interested if you spare us your symmetrical I sizes, size please try it.I am not saying you should do everything that I introduced, even me I'm not doing it but it's a good reminder teaching to myself by teaching you guys because we all want a asymmetrical face right not all but I know people want the symmetrical face I want symmetrical face too and in order to create symmetrical face we need symmetrical body so we should use more non-dominant side to make our body and face most symmetrical right?If you are interested in other exercises, visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper, sugar oil and book and app is launch so please check it out! Thank you so much ! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 17, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Create almond shaped eyes | Face shiatsu to break down knots, aegyo sal exercise, etc risk singhNovember 29, 2019 Next 12 ideas to train your non-dominant hand to make your body and face more symmetrical risk singhNovember 17, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Fixing Asymmetrical Body And Face By Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/17/things-you-can-do-from-non-dominant-side-for-fixing-asymmetrical-body-and-face"}
Warning About Lower Eyelid Lift Up Exercise - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Warning about lower eyelid lift up exercise Hi everyone! Today is gonna be very quick, warning about one of the exercises because I heard some comment from YouTube followers in the comment section or if my client said something's a little bit similar and wanted to announce something.When you do lower eyelid lift up exercise do not squint too hard, you don't need to have a big move pppp pppp big movement it should be very little movement, very tiny movement so you don't really have to squint and especially I mean the upper eyelids should not be moving only lower eyelid especially the outer but you really don't need to make it like a dramatic you don't have to do that as long as you feel like you're really trying to lift up around here that's a that's good enough otherwise you might cause some wrinkles or lines or something like that so I just wanted to you guys to know that you you're not supposed to really squint and otherwise you might yeah I don't want to do that so very very tiny movement as long as you feel like you're really trying to move here that's good enough so recently I studied using two hands each to prevent wrinkle on that inner side inner corners of the eye and then outer corner here too so that tell the brain that we are trying to move outer corners of the eye not inner. Inner is easy it's too easy so don't do that this you don't need more attention here and you want to wake up outer corners of the eyes so you use two fingers and then prevent wrinkles and tiny movement and if you want to know how to do it check other videos and just as this is great for if you search lower eyelid lift up or ageosol that you're gonna find my videos later basically lift up lower eyelids because it's sleeping to prevent eye bag then the more makes the defined I look more bigger eyes and also prevent the hollow all or reduce hollow because we are bringing up the fact around the eyeball from bottom up to fill the hollow area and we are also great for reducing or preventing forehead wrinkles because we're gonna wake up this muscle so that you when you open your eyes a little bit bigger you don't have to depend on this forehead muscle so you're gonna have more forehead smooth out forehead or there's so many benefits and by the way I'm wearing this yeah because it's so cold here! Anyway I just want you to let you know that when you do this exercise do not squint too much very very tiny movement is the best .Thank you very much for watching see in the next video. Next video is gonna be exercise tutorial as usual so stay tuned. Thank you! Bye! risk singhDecember 8, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 5 tips to achieve correct tongue posture risk singhDecember 13, 2019 Next How to treat dominant eye for making asymmetrical eyes more symmetrical | Muscles knots, fascia, etc risk singhDecember 7, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Warning About Lower Eyelid Lift Up Exercise - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/15/warning-about-lower-eyelid-lift-up-exercise"}
5 Tips To Achieve Correct Tongue Posture – Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 5 tips to achieve correct tongue posture Hi everyone! Today I am in a different location in San Diego and it's so freezing and cold because it was raining so hard from the morning that's why I'm wearing the hat and everything and my mind as you as long as you can see my face we can do tutorials right? So let's do it! So today I'm going to introduce five tips to do correct tongue posture. I've been teaching tongue posture in the face for sure in the face exercise of course, up all over the place and sometimes no sometimes very often, first it's not easy to do that correct tongue posture so before that let's just quickly review what correct tongue posture is. So you uh palate here right and this is upper teeth because I'm in a different location I don't have the the teeth thing right now but this is your upper teeth this is palate, your tongue is like this probably tip of the tongue is attached to the roof top but ideally the best tongue posture is like back of the teeth is really pressing up the palate like mm-hmm [Music] see the difference? so, so there's a gap between polite and tongue so that's not good example the good example is pressing it up the tongue is up to the palate pressing up so that you feel more tension on that chin, not the chin, reduce tension from the chin or on the jaw, those overarching area and transit turn move the tension in your cheek area because you're pressing up the health, skull and yeah I mean you know right? So if you have followed my YouTube for a long time you you must know this thing so I'm not gonna go too much about it, but let's do that five tips.Number one, this is classic tip but say and in and and say and and then that your tongue is should be really touched that's number one.Number two, drink water it doesn't have to be water this is my chai latte for today I mean I drink too much child I did recently I never when you drink just drink a little bit though otherwise you're gonna spill and kind of tiny smile just a little bit tiny smile then drink it, just a little bit then when you swallow really try to a little bit tiny smile then you used to feel it let's do again drinking so you should feel like you see that my throat it's moving up up up because tongue is up tongue and throat neck connected. I mean the throat is connected so when the tongue is up, this part is really lifted up and it's good for toning on this on their neck skin as well.Number three, put your tip of the tongue behind speed bump so way back now. Ideally it should be like around here not touching that particular but if it's difficult for you if it's this is difficult for you to make things easier just to put the tip of the tongue a little bit more like behind the speed bump on that palate and then touch. It you naturally come out to the front so just a purpose of just for the sake of practice you can put the tip of the tongue really way back after behind the speed bump and then it might be easier to really pressing up.For tongue posture the tip of the time the position of the tip tongue tip tip tongue tip of the tongue it's not too important, the more important thing is back of the tongue is really pressing up and tension is happening here that's way more than more important than position of the tip of the tongue.Number four, this is new for me it was invented by Monica who is my who attended my workshop a mindfulness Expo, few days ago in Anaheim and she she kind of oh we were talking how do we do this how do I was telling like a drinking or say and… all those things but people some people couldn't get it and she said what about this… so I don't know how to say this in English but I mean even in Japanese I don't know but when you make this noise sound… You really have to do right up touching, sagging here right that's the correct posture that's the second I'm talking about, so try it!Number five, this is newer for me too but for some people… , earth lyme is short originally from genetics or something but I learned that tongue is a big muscle and you can train to make it longer which means you can if you train you can aha you can you can you can make the line more elastic and longer maybe not longer but more elastic because tongue can be more elastic to by doing some training like… So you should be really stretched… Like you don't have to make noise of course just exaggerating but then I feel really stressed by doing this exercise then you are this part the line becomes more elastic so that it's easier for you to really pressing up if the tongue is really short and this is very less elastic it's kind of harder to suck to the palate so if none of them works I mean the five tips today we, I introduced so yeah please try one of one or two of them or it could be even five of them and yeah last resort, not the last resort but I think this personally I'm always have long I always have long long tongue but it's possible to make the tongue more longer by doing exercise then because the tongue is can be more elastic so ah… same as here if you want if you think ah is I don't know how to say it in English or even in Japanese if that line is short originally you might want to do to train to make their line elastic so that you can easily suck it up!Thank you very much for watching I hope some of the tips would work for you let me know because I really need to learn more and yeah so thank you very much in also I'd like to ask a favor if you're a very nice person please sign up for my face yoga class because I'm trying to get more sign up so that I my class will be selected to move to the biggest room at the Yoga Expo everything is that info that's free signup is no-commitment so it's in the description will also please check it out. Thank you very much and app is launched we are still developing but some of the major major buffs are supposed to be fixed but yeah we still of course developing and they're very excited so please free download we are trying to make 3 more exercises free for you guys so please try it! Thank you very much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhDecember 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous My review to face yoga exercises by Nivea! | Don't follow tutorials that don't make sense risk singhDecember 15, 2019 Next Warning about lower eyelid lift up exercise risk singhDecember 8, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "5 Tips To Achieve Correct Tongue Posture – Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/12/5-tips-to-achieve-correct-tongue-posture"}
My Review To Face Yoga Exercises By Nivea! Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account My review to face yoga exercises by Nivea! | Don't follow tutorials that don't make sense Hi everyone! Today I'm going to react to nivea's face yoga video. I happen to find this video and I thought it's interesting to talk about it so let's do it!Four easy face yoga exercises for you okay and she's making various cute facial expression which is cool what wait that facial exercises increase blood circulation, more oxygen reaches the cell, yes but that's true but to me face exercises, two things it's more like a sculpting at the face it's more like a shape shape change the shape improve the shape of the face instead of surface of the skin because yeah increase the velocity that's more like a surface of to the skin that's true but that's more like an indirect result to me I think more direct result of by doing face yoga exercises to two things wake up sleeping muscle in the face to lift up the skin and relax overworking muscle for wrinkle reduction those who lift up and lift up and the wrinkle reduction those are two main thing so I don't know why they say I mean yeah it's okay but increase blood circulation that's more like coming from body exercise I think so anyway let's move on.The results are clear and healthy skin appears yes but still it's I think this is more like a surface of the skin Anna yeah that maybe come from yeah body exercise and diet that kind of thing now always not necessarily coming from face okay so exercise anyway let's move on.Okay exercise one lift cheek muscles close you're close yeah you know close your lips, suck your chick chick chicks in like this hold for eight to ten seconds and repeat five times let's see what it does good against cheek lines wait what was this about lift cheek muscle why do you do like this and then this lift your cheeks I don't understand at all I don't understand logic maybe I'm misunderstanding something, I don't know.Next, exercise two, smooth out your forehead, forehead from lift eyebrows and open your eyes widely, well even before I looked at the video I can tell that this is so bad, I'm sorry Nivea people who made this but lift up eyebrows, lift up eyebrows this is overworking muscle if you want to smooth out your forehead, you need to really train this obvious okay muscle because the reason why you cause this forehead muscle is that when with age this eye muscle become weak so you have to depend on you have to depend use this overarching muscle overwork, which cause wrinkle so this doesn't make sense at all and let let's see.Anyway yeah she's like causing so many wrinkles and I already don't understand because this exercise is for smoothing out your forehead wrinkles right and why do you need to cause wrinkle by doing exercise so I don't approve and she's she's frowning she's frowning this one on purpose which I really hate so I'm sorry I don't like this it says good against the forehead lines. I I don't really understand at all I'm sorry I'm gonna dislike this video.Let's move on, next one work muscles around your neck. tilt your head back and then tightly pucker your lips which I think is like this and push them forward, this is good actually yeah so in my exercise there are multiple things to do but one of the things so it's like oh so this is a new version and I think I approve it! I think it's good the point is you don't call to wrinkle it says good against lines and blue skin on your neck yes that's true I like it yeah just don't cause wrinkled forehead when you look up because some people do that and if you have to cause wrinkled forehead when you look up close your eyes so that you don't have to cause wrinkle.Okay let's move on exercise for gentle toning for your eye areas put your fingers to your temples okay, rapidly rapidly close and open your eyelid. I don't know a way it says it says good against the crow's feet and baggy up eyes I don't understand this at all the logic what's the logic behind this I don't so let's move on.The next one, maybe last one oh no that's it make sure your hands are clean exercise three to five times a week about ten minutes, okay well ten minutes if you can do that's great I mean don't do this all but and to me I say the beauty of face exercises that you can do most of the exercises when you're driving when you're working a computer when you're yeah doing something so that it's easier to continue and yeah so - I think ten minutes it's long too long so that you will not be able to continue but anyway that was an interesting video.I just wanted to you guys know that it's important to know what you're doing and some logic that's why I explained some people say I talk too much I'm sorry but I really would like you to understand why you're doing it how you're doing it what's why why this is so or something like that, that's why I talk a lot anyway thank you very much for watching as always check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper sugar oil and the book where's the book? somewhere where's book? I don't know but there's somewhere um anyway, Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhDecember 15, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to lift up saggy eyebrows | Lift up eyebrow to make brows more symmetrical risk singhDecember 21, 2019 Next 5 tips to achieve correct tongue posture risk singhDecember 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "My Review To Face Yoga Exercises By Nivea!", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/15/my-review-to-face-yoga-exercises-by-nivea-dont-follow-tutorials-that-dont-make-sense"}
How To Treat Dominant Eye For Making Asymmetrical Eyes Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to treat dominant eye for making asymmetrical eyes more symmetrical | Muscles knots, fascia, etc Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce how to treat your dominant eye so before we do that if you have not watched my previous video about how to identify, how to find out which one is dominant which is non dominant please check it out because it's important to know which one if you care about this method for eyes or beauty in general so please do but if you know all that you know, already know which one is your dominant and non-dominant keep watching.In my case, my right side, I mean this is your your left side because you the screen is kind of right and left in the reverse but anyway this is right eye and this is dominant for my case in my case and yeah most of the time if you are right-handed it might be the right eye is dominant but it's not over the case so please check it out! Anyway so because this is right on dominant eye I can literally feel the tension and fatigue way more than this side. I'm always conscious about it I don't know why but I feel it it's like too many persons of the party is coming here and 80% is coming here about 10% in 90% or something like that it's way way way more than this non-dominant this dominant has more much fatigue because I keep using it and it's important to treat that dominant eye more than non-dominant eye, I think.In many beauty treatment or something they do both eyes on equal amount but I think you should do more to relax than to reduce stress on the dominant eye because it's overworking yeah so I'm gonna explain three exercise, no exercise, a treatment that you can do to reduce the stress and fatigue here so you get more it's more symmetrical eyes and reduce aging symptoms on especially from dominant eye.Number one, face shiatsu technique, let's call it eye shiatsu because not gonna do all the face, I love shiatsu technique. I do shiatsu technique almost every day I think because especially eye area I mean maybe just two eye area because I feel so much tension on in front of computer or something so let's use your joint this joint here, this is the index fingers and then actually yeah yeah actually you could do the thumb a finger second finger too but maybe I think this is easier yeah joint, second joint yeah second joint of the index finger and then here it's like here it's a little bit below the eyebrow there's a point you press hard a little bit yeah and then you should feel when you feel pain yeah the point trigger point that you feel pain is that muscle not which you need to read break it down because muscle not is kind of like blocking the blood circulation CTA loss less oxygen less nutrients so even if you have good food and good diet it does not it doesn't come to the skin because it's blocking them not muscle not is blocking so it's important to reduce the tension the aka muscle knot and did you find the place that you feel pain? it should be like it's very painful but I don't want to have the trigger point the muscle not in here because I want to have more beautiful eye because this one it's really painful.One thing I would like you to be careful it when you do it do like this and cause the wrinkle like this don't do that and by pressing if you have to do like this cause and wrinkle use the other finger to prevent the wrinkle so that you don't cause wrinkle yeah and then just press it hard if it's easier for you you can look down to give more gravity so they presses more and if you are sitting at the desk you can put your elbow in that on the desk here so that it's more stable do not damage your eyebrow, oh not the eyebrow, the eyeball, because you shouldn't be touching just a cue point here and then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 it's very very painful. You you might see some redness a little bit but it's very very super temporary so don't worry about it as long as it's you know really really doing big friction that's okay.There's another second point that I usually do here lower eye here and there's a point that you might feel pain, not as pain as eyebrow but I like this a cue point as well so do the same thing press yeah press a little bit then same the same as the last time you can put the elbow on the table as well yeah this is feels really good too I feel less pain though but bull's eye good ten seconds so now, so if if you like you can do the same thing on this side but I'm not gonna do it because I want to fix this dominant eye which has 80% of the entire eye fatigue here.Number 2, fascia release on the dominant eye. I mean so before that what is fascia? Fascia is a very thin like layer between muscle and the, number to release faster on the eyebrow area because eye is so connected we get lots of tension in here so some people might call it pinching but I start doing it it's really good so the fun, by the way fascia is a very very stable layer between them on the muscle and between the muscle in the skin and this fascia becomes very tense when the case this is having tension and fatigue and stress so when the fascia is not really elastic and then you don't get enough oxygen and nutrients and it's the same thing as muscle but fascia is a thing it is when it's really stiff, stiff, that hard, it's it's very what's the word it it doesn't really it doesn't do the work because it's all stiff so it's important to release the fascia from the muscle and by doing like this pinching here on the eyebrow, I feel pain here so pinched like this sandwich and then I don't want to do like this again cause wrinkle here don't do that so a little bit so pinch out to the front front and then a little bit out then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10, you can do like a little bit moving to this side never do this though because you're on opposed wrinkles always to the outside yeah and you should feel a little bit good to pain, it's a little bit yes but that's ok.Number 3, this is trending every time I sleep I'm every time I go to bed I keep doing it because it's so fun which is um… what's the name muscle knot find the muscle knot on and then break it down so like use your finger to prevent wrinkle the same principle right and then it's around here to doing this recently because it's so fun to like slowly like this and now I immediately can’t find it because I've been doing almost every day before at the beginning I was it was so hard to find the knot but if there is a knot which most of which happens to a lot of people most of the people there is a really tiny tiny knot in here and then you can literally touch it and I hear the sound yeah it's really big no it's very very tiny it's not as big as this muscle knot but there is definitely and I'm so happy that I can easily find it but now I lost it I lost it it's so much it's hard to find. I lost that ah I don't know where it is no you have to kind of like wiggle to find it but when you find it you can definitely feel it, it's really very very tiny not but I was surprised that I have a knot in here because I didn't know anything about it but it's important to break down the knot because that not muscle not blocks the oxygen and nutrient transfer to the skin and of course muscle not create a bumpy forehead and not smooth here that's not good that makes you look older and of course it creates asymmetrical eyebrow an asymmetrical eyes.So those are three things you can do to treat your relaxed dominant eye face shiatsu here I mean eye shiatsu here and here and the pinching and muscle knot, break down the muscle knot, look there's another thing bonus tada so I was doing this actually in the past last night maybe it was like two hours I was wearing it. So this is an eye patch and you just you wear their eye patch to reduce to use dominant eye I'm sorry put that this eye patch on dominant eye so that you can you use this eye non-dominant eye only so it's time for like family gathering or Christmas sort of thing and it's cold outside so you might be, excuse me I’m getting cold ah my throat is a little bit not getting better anyway because you are in outside-inside more than in summer so you might be watching TV, Netflix, Hulu all those things and when you do try this and if you don't have this you can Amazon this but if you don't have this you can do bounded or something I'm so sorry ah it's getting better not getting better you know just be careful to not the tape part should not be touching not be touching the eyebrow right now it's touching so it's not good because I don't want to lose eyebrow but anyway just generally put it here to relax the dominant eye so that you use more non-dominant eye and after a couple of hours you take it out oh my gosh it's a big difference in terms of eyesight you can really clearly yeah I don't know how to explain but seriously you have to try it if you're concerned about asymmetrical asymmetrical eye, it makes you, I mean like literally big difference I was surprised if it's just 5 minutes, 10 minutes you might have secured the result but if you do on a couple hours yeah I guarantee that you will see a big difference in the eyesight and like you make it a habit, I think it's good.As always please visit my website koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper sugar oil book and everything is there and also if you're a very nice person please sign up at my, for my face yoga class January 4th that yoga Expo because, it's a free registration free signup so please try because the person that instructor who has the biggest number of the sign up we'll move to the biggest room to teach and that's my dream I want to make it come true because I want to introduce the greatness of face yoga to as many as people. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhDecember 7, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Warning about lower eyelid lift up exercise risk singhDecember 8, 2019 Next How to find which eye is your dominant or non-dominant | Why you should know for symmetrical eyes risk singhDecember 2, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Treat Dominant Eye For Making Asymmetrical Eyes", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/7/how-to-treat-dominant-eye-for-making-asymmetrical-eyes-more-symmetrical-muscles-knots-fascia-etc"}
Lift Up Saggy Eyebrows | How To Make Brows More Symmetrical Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to lift up saggy eyebrows | Lift up eyebrow to make brows more symmetrical hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to lift up your saggy eyebrow there are some exercises you can do to lift up brows but this is more like a new one is kind of more chiropractic exercise or practice so let's try it first of all why eyebrow sacks sags I'm not just I bro everything's kind of start sagging with the gravity and age, not just eyebrow but eyebrow happens too because eyebrow is here this one right and there are so many parts on the face like there's alike line and here in like there are many parts in between those puzzles bone panels there's like very very tiny gap and that gap becomes loose with age that's why it's that studying this part can be sagging or not just that bit like could be like a purplish circulation or so many reasons muscle becomes less elastic and it's not really lifting up but there are many reasons and then yeah this sucks but basically today's thing is what chiropractic thingand so there's a bone here in this bomb and this little panel sack with age because there's like gap in between here this becomes loose so we're gonna lift up this bomb first check your mirror to find out which one which eye is more sagging I mean which eyebrow is more sagging hmm it's hard to mine is like I don't know I feel like this is more I is more up but my eyebrow is more down everything this is my dominant art it's like it it's weird eyes up but I promise down I think but let me know what which one is more sagging so case study I'm gonna work on this side right so this one right so based on we're gonna lift up this blue part that edge the car bomb by doing shiatsu technique let's do it we're gonna do three minutes today so let's do it use your finger here and then look like there's like this area so you're gonna hook this area and then do not cause a wrinkle like this doll so just like up up up and if you have to pull the Rinku use your finger to protect the wrinkle or could be like just a little bit to the outside not inside but out cuz you don't do like this so up up up up yep then up up up up and just like this second think you might feel pain but that's normal I'm feeling a little bit cocaine and then slowly move to the other one from inside to a little bit more outer here do the same thing bring it up up up up up yeah it's a very tiny movement but you should not damage the eyeball you should not touch the eyeball so just speak here for about that and then I have one more minute yep so move to their little bit more side then but the most important thing is that either one I mean this in our I'm going to go back to the in I want to because I feel paying more here whenever you feel pain that's retention you should break it down and really bring it up because if you have a lot of tension a lot of pain the math so is so it lasts less elastic and it's coming down sagging so you wanna lift up this is actually good for double eyelid to if you want to have a double more clearly defined double eyelid this it helps to okay it is three minutes I did three minutes but I'm not a little bit do more because I I wasn't doing at the beginning [Music] okay let's see what do you think my eyebrows are lifted a little bit done before hmm I don't know could be so now I want to make our eyes eyebrows symmetrical I want to bring this a little bit down and this is up and we did the up hurt so I wanna in my next video because I'm so tired I'm gonna do next video to bring it down so please stay tuned if you're interested in and thank you very much for watching I hope you felt some difference if you do three minutes or longer you should feel used to see some result and maybe I yeah I hope I see I think a little bit up maybe the hoarding thing by the way I will be teaching face yoga at the yoga export LA so if you are around in the area and what area it's in Pasadena please join our link in the description below and in limited supply but the free discount me free tickets of their boss walk so please check it out and also even if you don't live in no way please sign up at my class so that after yoga exploits a free sign up because I would like to have the biggest number among other instructors so that my class will move to the biggest room so that I can spread the craniums of face yoga to as many as possible as many people as possible and I need your help to do that so please check the link in the description below thank you so much yeah next episode is gonna be how to live yeah we did how to lift up so how to lift it down no cliff down how to bring that I am through a little bit down so stay tuned if you're interested in more to make our eyebrows more symmetrical and yep also always check my website Coco face yoga come to free download a yoga paper and look I'm missing about somewhere but my book anti-aging book in the sugar oil thank you so much in the app is available as well so check it out free download they seem let's listen Oh see you in the next video thank you so much bye risk singhDecember 21, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous how to fix angry eyebrow for symmetrical eyebrows | Make eyebrows more symmetrical risk singhDecember 29, 2019 Next My review to face yoga exercises by Nivea! | Don't follow tutorials that don't make sense risk singhDecember 15, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lift Up Saggy Eyebrows | How To Make Brows More Symmetrical", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/21/how-to-lift-up-saggy-eyebrows-lift-up-eyebrow-to-make-brows-more-symmetrical"}
How To Drink Without Causing Wrinkles In The Chin Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to drink without causing tension (wrinkles) in the chin Hi everyone, today I'm going to talk about how to drink something without causing tension in the chin. About chain tension some people might not have it some people might have it I have it so that's a bad habit every time your face is resting, when you're drinking when you're talking or something if you have a tension in the chin this overworking muscle starts overwork more which is worse and then stop sagging pulling down, everything is being pulled down because of this overworking muscle then you get more jawls, sagging, laugh line in marionate line so many bad things happen if this over working muscle is still over working like me so this is a good reminder and advice for myself as well.One thing I really would like you to do is when your face is resting not drinking or anything but when your face is resting easy trick to reduce tension is tiny smile just a little bit tiny smile so you get more tension in the upper area instead of lower which works for me so I have been aware this bad habit room for improvement for the past few years and I've been doing it when my face is resting which is good for me working but every time I drink something I I tend to do like, let me see…See the tension? the wrinkles here so duck face, duck lip, is fine but I mean if you can do the duck lip this without causing wrinkle here without causing tension that's great I'm so jealous on you because that's what I need to do, we'll be able to do in the future in the near future hopefully but I I still cannot do it, I when I do just I cause a wrinkle this is not good so I was trying to find a solution, I met an instructor in Japan and she her book said that when you drink something try to duck lip only by using a upper lip and forget about the chin but that's hard for me because if I don't do anything in the chin, the water drop so that doesn't work for me so I was trying to find a way to fix it and then yeah…So that's the solution that I'm gonna talk about today, when you drink something use… kind of try to do the duck lip on the low upper upper upper lip that's good but rather than that's important but in addition I like you to make tiny smile when you drink. It's like Beaver face inside them here… [Music] something like that so by doing this you cannot drink a lot of water if you drink a lot of water and do that you're gonna spill you got the water is gonna drop so be careful this one only this one is possible only when you drink less amount not too much big amount but a little bit of amount of water but some kind of a drink so let's try again… It's hard when it's hard to keep smiling when you drink but by doing so I can tell I can feel that this tension is totally reduced or it's gone which is good and another thing about this trick good thing about this trick is when you drink you reduce tension with you that's one thing right and the second thing is when you swallow drink the time should be sucked the back of the tongue should be really sucked to the palate right? and if you keep smiling when you smile swallow it's easier to do that instead of not smiling yeah so please try it.I think if you ever have been watching this video which means your interesting face yoga maybe you about you know about the mooing that's stacking back up all the time should be sucking every time your face is resting and every time you swallow something right? and if you keep smiling it's easier to do please try it.So that's my tip of the day if you are concerned about chin tension please try to drink with this technique just keep tiny smile and try to use more upper lip instead of low and then when you swallow keep the smile smiling position so that you can really feel that sucking, back of the tongue is sucking up.Interesting other exercises visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper and the sugar oil, and the book. The app is, oh my gosh I keep saying this the same thing but still working on it hopefully we fully develop it so that I can officially announce but it's already launched in the App Store and Android still working on so please if you have Android please wait a little bit more I will announce that launch but anyway yeah if the app is available so please check it out it's a premium, it's means some exercise are free please try. Thank you so much, see you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to check how asymmetrical your face/body is & how to fix risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Next How to create agyo-sal (tiny eye bags) to make your eyes more defined, look bigger, prevent eye bags risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Drink Without Causing Wrinkles In The Chin", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/13/how-to-drink-without-causing-tension-wrinkles-in-the-chin"}
How To Check How Asymmetrical Your Face/Body Is Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to check how asymmetrical your face/body is & how to fix Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about how to find the fundamental calls, no what's the word how to check your fundamental calls of asymmetrical face. So I believe fundamental cause of asymmetrical face is coming from but asymmetrical body because all bodies connected spying and neck and head right so like chewing or the things matters - but if the body's asymmetrical your face is asymmetrical - and there's a way to check how it's metrical your body is first in how to fix those.The interesting way to check your how asymmetrical your body is you check your feet and shoes so this just my crocks I've been wearing so many years and it's so tired, tired looking because it's really worn out but anyway, it's broken but if you see the teeth not tooth but the feet I mean the shoes back of the shoes you can see which way has more weight in which way have doesn't like I tend to have a tension in here this inner side both thigh but maybe I don't know maybe I'm doing more this this side a little bit more because that means I'm really stressing to this side which is not good and check this the heel as well which one is more like worn out or yeah I guess it seems like I'm tend to like inner side is more broken inner side is more right so I tend to my weight is a little bit more I could in our inner like inner side, so that's how I can tell from this shoes.Also another interesting check your feet I hope my feet are not dirty yeah it's no perfect but anyway yeah can you do like, what sort because I wear high heels all the time it's like a little bit shrink and then there's like a hard part it's called taco in Japanese, interesting so this taco the hard part is harder than this one which means I'm an I'm like really using this one more than this one so that means that yep that's an evidence that I'm having asymmetrical posture and asymmetrical standing so check your feet and if you can and see if which one has more hard part, I don’t know in English but its called taco in Japanese taco literally means octoas so I don't know why they say taco but taco means this hard part.By the way um I learned this exercise from a Japanese walking instructor, Kimiko she's my idol and anyway can you do like a goo cho ki pa goo cho ki pa stones, scissors, paper right so you should be able to do stones, scissors, paper. Stone, this is easy and scissors scissors it's like this like this it's hard like this move without hand scissors in the paper it's hard for me to do it but she told me that you should be able to do otherwise your fingers are really shrink it's right really tight so you need to be yeah if you want to have more flexible feet and important for because when you walk if you wanna balance if you wanna walk or stand or something in balance without asymmetrical body weight you would need to use all the five fingers I mean the five toes right and then you know that to use the five toes you should be able to do this stone scissors finger with this I can stones scissors finger my my scissors is not good example I need to practice more but anyway that's another exercise you can try.So if you want to find the fundamental calls to make your face asymmetrical which is body posture so check your feet and check your shoes please and then let's just review quickly review that bad habits to contribute to a symmetrical face so true on one side only that's bad so do on the both sides that's one thing and side sleeping is bad if you have to decide sleeping do both today do this tomorrow do this that they have to tomorrow do this the next day do this and alternate on the both thighs I try to do it back, sleeping crossing legs is not good either don't do that if you have to do do both thighs make sense? and stand like standing or like this or like this yeah be aware of the good posture, good balance when you stand when you walk as well and carrying back all the time on dominant hand that's no good so do on the both side.I recently started using a backpack and it's so good I yeah I have got some neck pain and I think it's coming from I because I was using this side only that's why yeah so try to if you have have to do this in 15 minutes later you'd change to this in five minutes later you change to this and three minutes later you change to this or something and alternate the shoulder that's good but also the backpack it's it's really good and yeah and also when you stand on that when you set up a desk don't do like this if you have to do do both sides but basically I don't like this don't do that if you can yeah and phone, looking down on the phone is really bad for neck and that comes asymmetrical face as well so please be careful.Try to look up not look that this is kind of a weak awkward so should be a little bit down but but not like this the back face is like this straight but looking down just a little like 45 degree or 30 degree down I think that's good.Thank you very much for watching if you're interested on the exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to get this free download , the yoga paper and the book and sugar oil and app is yes it's launched and I would like you to try it because it's premium which means some exercise are free so please try it, it's kind of getting better every single day we are still updating lots, fixing lots of bug lots of bugs but I really would like to try it so please do. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 12 bad habits to cause asymmetrical face risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Next How to drink without causing tension (wrinkles) in the chin risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Check How Asymmetrical Your Face/Body Is", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/13/how-to-check-how-asymmetrical-your-facebody-is-amp-how-to-fix"}
12 Bad Habits to Cause Asymmetrical Face - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 12 bad habits to cause asymmetrical face Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce 12 bad habits to contribute to asymmetrical face. In the past I did a video about 7 bad habits that cause asymmetrical face that was very successful so I wanted to update I wanted add more new bad habits that you should not be doing if you're concerned about asymmetrical face.Number 1, chewing on one side only, the way I suggest you eat is I call it lift up chewing system, eating system so you get the small bite chew and then break down to smaller pieces ideally equal amounts or similar amount equal is kind of difficult impossible so similar amount on the both side and then to the side I'm in the back of the teeth and then mmm mmm mmm … up up up up up so instead of doing mm mm mm…only this side, that's bad so use both sides as much as possible and yeah and then mm mm mmm.. use your cheeks that's the key.Number two, poor alignment of teeth, if you're concerned my best way to fix very very important and fundamental tip is time posture, upper teeth, lower teeth this is your tongue so back of the teeth, no, back of the tongue should be really pressing up on that polite that's really key instead of like this and there's a gap between this tongue and the palate not that but really pressing up that's really important for teeth or alignment in addition to face alignment.Number 3, side sleeping so the best way to sleep is back sleeping which I'm really trying sometimes when I wake up side sleeping I'm back sleeping successfully sometimes when I wake up it's more like a back side sleeping but it's getting better substitute training but anyway the best one is back sleeping if you cannot do that today tonight you sleep on this side tomorrow this side the day after tomorrow and then so alternate the side every night of course it's gonna change when, when you while we're sleeping because yeah that's normal but at least when you're awake when you fall in bed you can you are aware you are still awake so you can change the side and imagine you sleep like six to eight hours per day and every single day you are pressing you having receiving pressure on the same area all the time of course the facial the bone or bone structure will change but facial bones are a little bit weaker than body body muscle structures so money but body bone structures so if you keep doing the same person over and over the face is that change as well yeah easily and another thing is that when you sleep when you do like this and then press on that pillow and then if it's dumb you're gonna get saggy face so press it if you have to do today sleeping press it and then up so press and up a little bit instead of it press and dumb then you gotta get stuck your face so press and a little bit up so that the skin is just a little bit lifted that's another tip.Number four, crossing legs when you sit down the reason why you feel urge to cross your legs is a you up up your body is imbalanced your body muscle and the bone structures are imbalanced that's why you by crossing your legs you feel like you're kind of fixed or stabilized so the more you do the more imbalanced condition get worse so it's a vicious cycle.Number five, carrying a bag on one side only only using the dominant side what could be non-dominant but by using only one shoulder all the time it's gonna mess up of course because this is gonna having lots of pressure and no pressure so a body is gonna be spine it's gonna be asymmetrical when the spine is asymmetrical face is it gonna be as symmetrical as well because everything is so connected spine, neck had everything is connected so body posture is so important my suggestion if you have a back that then it's no backpack and then you use one like when you go outside like this and then when you go lunch and you wear it again and use this aside and then 3:00 p.m. this side 4:00 p.m. this side and change that but my ideal best best best is just use the backpack like this so I started using backpack lately and it's being good because this kind of forces me to use to have a good posture it's impossible to do it it's not impossible but it's not easy to have that posture like this if you are having heavy backpack. I always carry computer in my here so it's very heavy because it's heavy it's almost not not like this but you exaggerate like they're so not like this I cannot do this this is hard for me so it forces me to her good posture so if you can, get bag pack.Number six, tuck neck so straining is bad for neck but because of long use of phone that phone use or computer use or something all the way always in front of screen we are always looking down and receiving so much gravity and the neck is masked when neck is masked this is gonna mask to always try to use the phone not down like this but just a little bit up if it's too up or same height as I hide is kind of too high and it's not easy to continue so just a little bit down is okay but do not tilt the head head straight just only the eye what's the word eyesight, eyeball is down just like 25 or five 33rd degree dumb not to this cannot do that but like this, this will look natural and you can continue for a long time also if you use a computer laptop or something, iPad or something if you put on a desk through this but just try to bring it higher by using cardboard box or there's some equipment to adjust the height height of the computer screen as well.Number seven, when you're standing you're your one foot has more weight and the other has less weights your not standing imbalanced and that creates more imbalanced body muscle and bone structure.Number eight, you keep wearing high-heeled shoes all the time the less you wear high-heeled shoe the better because when you're wearing high-heeled shoes, it's so hard to walk in a balance and the muscle and body structure will be masked.Number nine, you're sitting with the chin in hand so this is better not to do at all but if you have to do just try alternate on the right side and left side so try to use the both side but it's better not to do though because the pressure to the face is not good at all.Number ten, using your dominant facial muscles only all the time ago for your facial expression for example I sometimes notice people do like huh huh huh huh… always this muscle is moving eyebrows moving and not this one always this one so if you keep using the only dominant or strong strong muscles all the time of course this is gonna work and this overdeveloped and this is gonna not develop right so you're gonna get more asymmetrical face asymmetrical eyes it's much about eyebrows or something so one of the interesting fascia expressing that I notice that people use for asymmetrical face it's just mm-hmm I cannot do that but mm mmm… that's one and also sometimes could be like a like a mm-hmm just a little bit like corners of the mouth it's a little bit but the more interesting one is this eyebrow thing so if you have if you think you might be doing it please be careful.Number 11, asymmetrical hairstyle, so for example I just changed no but if you keep doing this hairstyle long time and then this is hair and this is there's a eye so this eye is hidden by this hair then you know that this eye is going to sleep this is going to overwork because it's open and easy to use so this gonna be over over work and this is gonna be less working so you're going to develop more muscle here and less muscle here and of course you're gonna get asymmetrical eye usually if this is overwork, or a muscle become shrink smaller because it's the muscle become tense and shorter and tighter not always that case but usually if this is over working this become small artists become this I become bigger so if you don't have if you think you might be doing asymmetrical hairstyle all the time I mean if it's not bothering the eye it doesn't matter it's okay but yeah if it's bothering the eye sometimes please be careful in my suggestion change like today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow and then four days later and then change the lines it this is actually important for scalp, let's go because if you keep doing the same this line right you get stop sound damage to this skull all the time you wanna change that so that you don't because you're on a lose the hair if you keep doing this always this line is getting the sound damaged this part becomes them then you're gonna lose hair especially here so it's important to change time to time.Number twelve, furniture position this is very interesting so let's say if you're the seat I'm sitting in here is my seat but the TV is there on the left side to are my body in my head and everything is tilted to the left side all the time because of the furniture position then my yeah if you keep doing that you're gonna get is asymmetrical body and face as well.An addition to those twelve bad habits if you're doing any of the 12 habits, if you are doing any of that twelve bad habits that contribute to asymmetrical face please be careful stop doing it from today it's a good reminder to myself as well but in addition I would like you to try to use non-dominant as much as possible that helps body estimate rate which results in symmetrical symmetrical face - so for example when you brush your teeth I always use non use dominant hand when I dry my hair I always use dominant hand but if you can try to use non-dominant hand for brushing teeth or drying or comb your hair or whatever you can open door or anything right in his heart I think it's very hard and it's hard for me so I can't do that but could be I don't know using spoon, fork or whatever you can please try it and that makes difference.If you're interesting in the other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper, less it's more enticing book in the sugar oil. Thank you so much for watching! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to create cat eyes | Lift up the outer corners of the eyes by face yoga exercises risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Next How to check how asymmetrical your face/body is & how to fix risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "12 Bad Habits to Cause Asymmetrical Face - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/13/12-bad-habits-to-cause-asymmetrical-face"}
How To Eyebrows More Symmetrical | Symmetrical Eyebrows Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account how to fix angry eyebrow for symmetrical eyebrows | Make eyebrows more symmetrical Hi everyone! Today's video is going to be how to, in previous one I did how to lift up eyebrow so today this one is going to be how to bring it down lift it down is there such a word I don't know but bring the eyebrow just a little bit down so that we become, we have more symmetrical eyebrows.This exercise is great for angry eyebrows, so what is angry eyebrow is like really like a witch and ppppp and suddenly up and down and this happens often if you have Botox in the wrong spot and even not just that or like if you are always angry or something keep using the right dominant eye or something like that in happens if you do like that ah… motion and I cannot do this there are so many people who can do this but they use only one, not wig but only one side ah.. ah.. ah.. and if you keep doing that it's always up up up motion right so this part becomes up and this is down so you get asymmetrical eyebrows which we're gonna fix it so please stay tuned if you're interested in it.Basically we're gonna meet Bruce again yeah so in my previous one we did how to lift it down no not lift up eyebrow and we did this part right? bring it up so this one is going to bring it down the bone here by doing scalp massage but there's a point so you see this is a blue and drain line right this area is the gap there's a gap in between those two panels and this can be loose with age and face become bigger unfortunately so we want to tighten it we want to stick we want to give stimulus, we want to add some stimulation here so that it gets more tightened here so the point is we're gonna bring it so my case, mine is this one right so this one is more up so I want to bring it down so we cannot do like this exercise cause there's an eyebrow, eyeball here so we're gonna actually bring it down down down down down motion by doing a scalp massage and the point is you're gonna kind of really touched here this area because we want to add stimulation here to tighten it so lets it's like this not like this or not like this but like this here on the angry to lifted eyebrow air to lifted eyebrow side so you don't do this here no no actually my side is it's so hard to do this because of my rib it's reversed on the camera right side left side is reversed so I do this right so because this is more lifted so I'll do this one so bring it down down down here this one this area okay let's do it!First we need to find where the line between blue and green, so it's like this here is a line right hairline and then it's like two centimeter, I want one inch down so you should do like this pppp pppp baby slowly and there's a point that there's like a dent dent? bump no bump opposite of bump like hall no hole but what's the opposite of bump dent area so if you do like slowly like this and there's a bump not bump but dent area so that's that here so we're gonna knock all the way because we wanna I'm gonna work on this area because I want to bring it down this eyebrow down so here ppppp… and dent area then down down down down down down down I'm right-handed so it's easier for me to do so, down down down down down down down down down let's do three minutes, three two one so that's the dent area and then just bring it down so but the point is you're moving this area to uhmm ziggazaggazoo exact but try to bring it down to relax because in general facial expressions we are always doing like ah ah.. and always up up up motion, so we wanna relax that by massaging here! Yep!So let's do three minutes I noticed that instead of doing like this is easier from a front it's easier so up to you but the point is you want to bring it down down down down down and then you could do like not just the one area but a little bit to the side as well but always try to bring it down down down yep it's getting hot. This is easier actually. Okay that's three minutes, I'm tired so what do you think of my eyebrow is it more symmetrical than before hmm I don't know still a little bit up but maybe a little bit more symmetrical what do you think?Scalp has so many acupoints kind of everywhere so it's good to do like everywhere as well but if you care where is the point, where is the gap and then it will be more effective to have more lift up or lower, lowering eyebrow or so many great effects so when you do face massage or scalp massage, please think about this line here from novel.By the way I wanted to send you my gratitude this year to support me so far and I have I was able to accomplish so many great things thanks to your support and really appreciate like this year happened Kim Kardashian, Keeping Up with a chemical Kardashian in the shark tank and so many great things happen so many challenging things happen as well but I'm still alive and I'm still trying to move on because of your support I really appreciate thank you so much and if you're more nice person please sign up my class at the yoga Expo because I'm trying to build the number of the sign up so that I’m move at the biggest room of the yoga's for the exponents fear no commitment knows our free signup so anyone can do it and it's in the description below and also if you haven't got my yoga paper yet please check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download and the yoga paper and the book is somewhere I don't know where it is but anyway you know where is it you know my birth right so thank you so much I'm actually going to Amsterdam next week which is so exciting and actually this week in a week so that's a new project that I'll be announcing soon so stay tuned! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhDecember 29, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to make hollow cheeks fuller & rejuvenate the skin from inside out naturally risk singhDecember 29, 2019 Next How to lift up saggy eyebrows | Lift up eyebrow to make brows more symmetrical risk singhDecember 21, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Eyebrows More Symmetrical | Symmetrical Eyebrows", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/12/29/how-to-fix-angry-eyebrow-for-symmetrical-eyebrows-make-eyebrows-more-symmetrical"}
How to create cat eyes | Lift up the corners of the eyes Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to create cat eyes | Lift up the outer corners of the eyes by face yoga exercises Hi everyone! Today, I'm going to introduce a great exercise to create cat eyes. There are three points that you should always try to lift up corners of the eye which is the cat eye and cheek bone and corners of the mouth, one two three should be always up and then you automatically naturally look younger fresher and constant. I'm not saying you dog I it's bad and dog is cute too sometimes people do on on purpose especially younger people but in general kept eye is considered beautiful so let's do it.First you gotta use fingers so you could like this hold it and then this side then try to wink wink wink wink but not just regular wink wink wink but when when you do it I would like you to be aware that you are training around this lower eyelid not just entire lower eyelid but more like outer here we are training this area to lift up so it's almost like if I exaggerate up up up up and not this part should not be moving so much off our finger though I think a lot lower hand should look a little bit moving let's try it again, wink wink wink yeah do you feel it this should build it if you don't feel it it's hard to feel it so the movement of that lift up here so on purpose let's try this time, up up not this much but just a little bit up and then don't use don't move your finger and let's wink but lift up. This way we are training time the brain that we are training this lower eyelid outer corner of lower eyelid and then of course we want to have a smooth symmetrical face so let's do the other side I mean let's do this right so put your finger like this generally not playing or anything just touching to stabilize and then wink wink… if it's just a regular wink it's so hard to move here so I think it's actually it's better to lift up a little bit up up up up and then this time not move the fingers just try to lift up here then up up up it's hard for me to feel this part is moving but that's the most important thing that's up that's the area where training training to lift up when you weak if you are causing too many crow's feet use the finger to prevent the crow's feet and dance like so the upper finger and lower fingers are touching but that's okay as long as you feel this part is lifting up and then prevent the wrinkle here then let's try it, up up up up…. it's hard yeah it's really hard, up up up… to me like it's like really playing this muscle is sitting inside like out in out in but this is not a good example because this has lots of tension all the time it's easy to get tension from outside in but we want to do opposite from we want to train this outer muscles.Actually I think it's better to do more slowly so let's do it again, slowly here, up, down, up down, yeah I figure if I do slowly, up, down, up, down, I feel yeah better to do slowly sorry if I was do if at the beginning I was doing it too fast so let's do it again then like this, up, down, up, down… I think this slow tempo is better.I learned this technique last year in Japan from my Japanese instructor then I didn't really do it because I it was so hard to feel the movement and I wasn't sure but then recently I saw the same or very very similar technique from another chiropractor on a Japanese person was teaching it and then while two big authorities are doing it so why not I should work right so I'm gonna try it more.Today I am in San Diego which is not where Los Angeles that I'm based in so I don't have the sugar oil kind of thing but I usually put it here, anyway, thank you very much for watching if you're interested in other exercises check my website Koko Face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper, sugar oil book and app is launched so please check it out! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 12 ideas to train your non-dominant hand to make your body and face more symmetrical risk singhNovember 17, 2019 Next 12 bad habits to cause asymmetrical face risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How to create cat eyes | Lift up the corners of the eyes", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/13/how-to-create-cat-eyes-lift-up-the-outer-corners-of-the-eyes-by-face-yoga-exercises"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! Create cupid's bow, shorten philtrum and upper lip curl by face yoga exercise hi everyone today I'm going to talk about Belgium and Cupid's bow because I must one day looking at my mirror and then where's my Cupid's bow it suddenly disappeared I mean it does not suddenly disappear it was gradually disappearing with age and I didn't notice that and I was so sharpening I knew some exercise to make more philtrum shorter and Cupid's four ball more Read More risk singhApril 8, 2020 How to create fuller cheeks with buccal massage | Break down muscle tension and make skin elastic Paolo a little bit more from that from inside out today we're gonna do some exercise make all our cheeks a little bit more moola as you can tell we're gonna use their fingers and this is we're gonna do something like that it's called buckle massage ha I got this before this coroner virus comes things happened because sometimes I use my finger to my fingers are inside of my client that's Read More risk singhApril 2, 2020 How to create fuller lips by face yoga exercise | No filler today I'm going to talk about how to create flower lips this is one of the classic exercises that my favorite and I still do not every day but I try to do because I'm concerned about flawless so every time I look to lipstick or something I notice mine my lips are thinner than before something like that and I do it first let's relax relax and then first smile and try to press up on it Read More risk singhApril 1, 2020 How to reduce/prevent nasolabial fold (smile lines, laugh lines) hi everyone today I'm going to talk about nasolabial lines this 11 lines aka smile line or a flat line they're very common concern for so many people and actually it's easy to fix and I've done this kind of video before but I wanted to do it again because I'm up to date and also because now I'm under quarantine and you may be as well everyone is so stressed Oh Read More risk singhMarch 28, 2020 The Less You Move The Better For Anti-Aging today I'm gonna talk about one particular area in the face that you should not move that less you use the lists you move the area to better for anti-aging the answer is Tim the less you move here the better because of so many reason but basically this is over working muscle this is sleeping muscle and this is like when the old working muscles over working working working and then it's really playing down everything is being pulled down so you Read More risk singhMarch 26, 2020 5 warnings to face yogis with braces hi everyone today we're gonna talk about braces I've never personally done it but we have a special guest with us braces and we talked about it she's doing pasty over like two months and then we noticed that some things that some kind of warning about doing face yoga if you're doing prices so hi everybody my name is Sakura and I've been doing brave Read More risk singhMarch 20, 2020 5 Face Posture tips / move facial muscles correctly for daily facial activities hi everyone today I'd like to talk about the beauty of face posture as you may know or you may not know I did face yoga exercises may face your instructor exercises exercise are important to wake up sleeping muscle in the face to lift up that team and relax over walkie must go for wrinkle reduction but I suggest you do exercises open it little by little throughout the day and in total it should be Read More risk singhMarch 19, 2020 Anti-aging hair care | Twist hair pieces while applying hair mask hi everyone today I'm going to talk about anti-aging hair care updated version one of the things I started doing recently is do the hair mask and I kind of do on the regular basis but I started doing it seriously which means I'm not sure how the product that I've been using lately is this Read More risk singhMarch 16, 2020 6 kinds of poops | What kind of poop is the best? How to produce it? hi everyone today I would like to talk about six kinds of poops in which one is the best and how to produce the best one I know it's we our topic but it's very important to know because poop is like our if you are healthy you produce good poop if you're not happy you produce bathroom right so if you check your poop and like a smell color texture all kind of thing that I'm gonna explain and if you Read More risk singhMarch 14, 2020 Stop touching your skin | How to quit the habits | Anti-coronavirus hi everyone today I would like to talk about how to stop touching habit like touching the skin touching the face people do all the time and I salute but it's very very important not to do it because of three reasons one of them is stop acne the other reason is like causing lots of friction and caused axles to fine lines the third reason which is the most important right now is viruses because if you touch Read More risk singhMarch 9, 2020 Browgasm Relax tension with face yoga, Shiatsu, Release, Guasha, Abd fascia release! hi my name is Coco I'm a face yoga instructor and my name is Luke and I am the founder of super serum and a brow expert in his Bruce konichiwa we are here to introduce the new technics browser kreygasm is a mixture of five great techniques starting with deep tissue massage faster release face yoga face g2m this amazing gwasha toss it's only like ten minutes very quick it's actually not Read More risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 cheek 5 scenes hi everyone today I'm going to talk about 5 sins in our regular lives that you should be really try to lift up your cheeks because cheekbones cheek muscles are sleeping in general I think I posted this on our Instagram if you have followed our instagram please do because there's very interesting information there too but anyway the point is over our key muscle and sleeping muscle so Read More risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 5 hacks/tips to keep mouth closed while sleeping | How to stop mouth breathing while sleeping hi everyone today I'm going to talk about five tips that you could try to keep your mouth closed while sleeping but before we talk about that let me explain why we should care about it so one of the main generic coming under general reason is that if the mouth is open you're probably you doing mouth breathing right instead of nose breathing no so breathing breathing is better Read More risk singhFebruary 29, 2020 Reprogram jaw muscles to make your chin and jaw lines more symmetrical by assessing the jaw movement hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to reprogram our muscle and kind of bomb-related to create more symmetrical gyms metrical office I have done some exercises to make more facing symmetrical face so if you're interested in places art symmetrical face or how to fix asymmetrical face on my youtube channel but this is different this is how to reprogram the movement of your facial Read More risk singhFebruary 21, 2020 Why you should NOT wear heavy earring glasses hi everyone today I'm going to talk about some accessory items that you might be wearing it it can be skin damaging one of the item that I hear from my comments in the description on YouTube they're asking about glasses I mean not this kind of sunglasses but the regular glasses I don't have regular glasses reading glasses so I don't know but for example if you are wearing Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Why you should relax chin | How to relax chin for antiaging | Reduce wrinkles and sagging hi everyone today I'm going to talk about why we need to relax gym to me relaxing chin is so important but if I talk about it people really don't get it because it's not really talked about and I think this this concern this having tension in the chin is one of the underrated underlooked and they looked under looked issue that we should do really think about it be aware of it there are three reasons Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Create cupid"s bow with eyelash glue | Hold the shape to let the skin remember the form hi everyone today we're going to create Cupid's bow with some glue before we do that with glue let me talk about five areas in your face that should be more 3d look I don't know how to in it in English I don't know how to explain but it's like a mountain and pumped and in out in out in there are five areas that you should have this out in out in shape 3d shape to make you look Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 5 bad habits to cause assymetrical eyes and eyebrows | How to fix hi everyone today I'm going to talk about five bad habits that you might be doing you to create more asymmetrical IO and asymmetrical eyebrows but if you have not watched my video about seven bad habits to cause a symmetrical body in the face please check it out first because that's very very important I mean you can check check it out later but anyway I really Read More risk singhFebruary 18, 2020 Facial osteoporosis part 2 | 7 aging symptons due to facial osteoporosis and how to prevent them hi everyone today I'm going to do another facial osteoporosis in my previous video I did basic things about facial austere process 3 aging symptoms due to face Oster process how to fix them I mean how to prevent or slow down the process so if you haven't checked the video yet please do but today is gonna be more additional information which I think it's very interesting so Read More risk singhJanuary 29, 2020 3 aging symptoms due to facial osteoporosis | saggy cheeks, saggy jawlines and hollow on eye area hi everyone today I'm going to talk about facial osteoporosis so you guys know what austere process with age the bone density becomes there in less and we get injury or lots of I don't know back pain or lots of things bad things happen 18 symptom happens and people we usually talk Read More risk singhJanuary 25, 2020 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1579685866136&reversePaginate=true"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! How to create agyo-sal (tiny eye bags) to make your eyes more defined, look bigger, prevent eye bags hi everyone today I'm going to introduce three interesting effective exercise to create more Eiger soul so I hope I'm pronouncing okay I guess why it's crying its but not the thing about Korean people but that bump here in Japanese its namida blue claw which makes tear back so it's Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 How to eliminate forehead line and wrinkles above eyebrows by Facial Yoga exercises so slowly slowly slowly slowly up and this 45 degree and down and then half hi everyone today I'm going to introduce a new exercise to reduce or prevent or eliminate or kill completely kill for headlines and also not just that some small tiny but annoying lines Read More Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 How to fix underbite/protruding jaw (chin) | How to chew, swallow, face posture, etc place your head heavy head on your butt aperitif is fourth and the lower teases backward when you chew like a choo-choo choo hi everyone today I'm going to introduce some great tips to fix look this over right or over what so and over chin if the chin is a little big for Read More Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 KOKO Face Yoga exercises/tips to eliminate/prevent/reduce marionette lines/jowls separation between this hard chin muscle and this saggy fat do not massage the marionette line hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to fix eliminate or prevent not this one but marionette line in case you don't know what marionette line is but Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | Instant result to reduce veins on the hands, etc I twist because this part no Melanie instead of using electric dryer use always use for use paper towel you put your hand up today I'm going to introduce great tips to keep our hands younger number one sunscreen you might be applying enough sunscreen on Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Before/After in 5 years | How and where Face Yoga exercises changed my face at that time I didn't know about TCH and then slowly open but do not move your eyebrows who lifts up joint system hi today I'm going to talk about what changed in my face since I studied becoming very serious about face yoga exercises so as you can Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 How To Fix Asymmetrical Face this cider is easier it can be likely this side asylum hi everyone today I'm going to introduce one only one body exercise to fix a symmetrical face first of all if you are concerned about a symmetrical face please watch my video 7 that have it to cause a symmetrical face Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Asymmetrical tongue posture makes asymmetrical face | What is asymmetrical tongue posture? there's a gap this is bad I'm pressing here not here all right mmm the back of the tongue should be really touching and the pressing up and then I feel like hi everyone today I'm going to talk about asymmetrical tongue posture so what is asymmetric of time posture you guys know Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 How to asses asymmetrical face with teeth alighnment and how to fix | Chiropractic technique risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Instant face lift by stretching neck muscles | Fix asymmetrical saggy cheek pulling down like here then of course this area that cheap area becomes pulling down as well juju knee juice and you see you got your ability to do Keynesian hi everyone today I'm going to introduce quick easy stretch to offer you what's the word instant facelift this technique applied works for you if your the sagging is partially because of bad body posture basically we're gonna stretch this muscle Read More risk singhOctober 24, 2019 3 Exercises for slimming nose hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to make our nodes a little bit more slim number one use your finger and then close one whole nostril and then and keep this 10 seconds so let's try again I'm gonna do this side so exhale it's hard why do we do this exercise because with age nostril becom Read More Koko HayashiMarch 26, 2019 3 exercises to fix asymmetric chin Hi guys today I'm going to introduce three exercise and tips to make our gym more symmetrical the reason why I wanted to do this video is that recently I just did the old face and so my face and I thought oh my gosh um the bent chin is a little bit better than before like this don't you think it's a little bit better than before it's still ugly looking I know because of the surgery failure but still it's big Read More Koko HayashiMarch 24, 2019 HOW OLD AM I !!! Hi guys today I'm going to disclose my age I have disclosed my age in the past at other videos so you guys might know but some people might not know and I just got a big birthday so I'm gonna just say it in this March I turned 40 years old as a face yoga instructor it's important for you to know that how old I am but I didn't say that till now officially I mean in a big public announcement because I wanted to make a big deal Read More Koko HayashiMarch 14, 2019 Yawn exercise to make chin symmetrical Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to Yom you're like when you're sleeping and in the morning or something or even at night how to young because there's a really good trick to make our especially chimp more symmetrical disclaimer my chin is not perfect it's distorted it's not symmetrical because of the surgery but I've been doing this exercise and I feel like yeah it's good too good enough to introduce you Read More Koko HayashiMarch 13, 2019 3 Exercises to reduce jowls Hi guys today I'm going to do three tips and exercises to prevent reduce eliminate kill this gels the reason why I wanted to do this video is that gel is developing a mine on my faceunfortunately and it's really bothering I hate it I wish I had known this tip like long time ago that's why I'm doing this so that you guys can yeah start doing it I was a really regret that some things that I didn't do for a long time and I wish I had Read More Koko HayashiMarch 12, 2019 No more reading glasses Hi guys today I'm going to talk about I exercise so that you don't have to use reading glasses this exercise is great for preventing the use of reading glasses or even if you use it now with this exercise you will need to use reading glasses a little bit maybe less so let's try it but before going to the exercise let me explain why you need reading glasses with age because adjusting muscle i Read More Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 3 face yoga exercises for donald trump hi guys today I'm going to introduce three exercise that I would advise to Donald Trump the reason why I wanted to do this is that every time I see people stranger or even not stranger but regular people everywhere if I'm not thinking anything else I might be kind of thinking oh she should do this exercise he should not do that the facial expression or that kind of things all the time it's just my bad habit as a facial instructor yeah so I've been thinking maybe you might a lot of people who a lot of people know who hear Read More Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Lift up, outer, middle, inner cheeks Hi, guys today. I like to introduce three exercises for cheekbones. I already cheekbone middle cheekbone and inner cheek balmBy the way, I say cheekbone but it's not the bomb that muscles are on the cheekbone, but it's the same similar idea. You get it right outer middle and Chic in our first exercise. Cheek muscle here. This is the biggest one and it's very very important to lift up this big one so that the middle one and another one Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Face Cellulite vaccum | Koko Face Yoga Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to reduce fat in the face actually this video it's not really for me because I want to have more fat in the face I've gained weight because of that actually on purpose but anyway there are people who want to lose fat from the face so this is for you if you want to lose fat and if you want to gain more fat in the face this exercise. Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019Face Cellulite vaccum Why you should breathe from eyes and how to do so risk singhMarch 7, 2019 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1573669997454"}
How To Train Your Non-Dominant Hand For Symmetrical Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 12 ideas to train your non-dominant hand to make your body and face more symmetrical Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce 12 things you can use your non-dominant hand with, but first of all why do we need to do we want to use non-dominant hand? The reason why is that we have a asymmetrical body in asymmetrical face because of lots of use of dominant hand we keep using the same dominant eye, dominant hand, dominant food or some dominant side a lot of times and then our body becomes more asymmetrical if already becomes this much go you're gonna get asymmetrical face, so if you are very very serious about making your face more symmetrical please keep watching.By the way the 12 ideas that we introduce today are in the order of from easy to difficult which I think so let's do it.Number one, when you pick ups any objects like this use your non-dominant side, non-dominant hand could be anything could be really literally like bag or literally anything.Number two, when you open dip lock or bag or something instead of doing that using the dominant hand use non-dominant hand.Number three, open drawer with non-dominant hand. I try to open the door but door is kind of designed for left hand people to open it easily so it’s a little bit hard to do it I think but if it's just a drawer you can easily use non-dominant hand.Number four, every time you wash your hands or shower or something use non-dominant hand too, yeah open the faucet or like like this screw yeah to get water.Number five, open water bottle or any bottles with non-dominant.Number six, brush your hair and this is gonna be a little bit more difficult than those the first five tips.Number seven, dry your hair with non-dominant which is it's hard for me because I have long hair but sometimes I try.Number eight use a computer mouse with non-dominant which is hard and I don't have I don't really use mouse but I have a pad so sometimes I, you try to use left hand which is hard but the more you do the more you'll get used to it.Number nine, when you use your phone try to use the non-dominant hand thumb to do the phone thing. It's hard yeah, you just have to be really aware of it because otherwise you forget but yeah it's possible, it's hard though.Number ten, brush their teeth with non-dominant which is so hard for me and I cannot really do it yet because if I just do the with non-dominant I feel like my my teeth are not claimed fully so I tried non-dominant and then I use dominant to, like up clean up the what sort of finish up and I tried also the flossing but that's kind of very hard and I don't I don't really understand which one is right yeah you can try it but to me flossing with non-dominant. I mean you use a both hand so it didn't really make sense to me right anyway you can try too.Number 11, when you eat something use those utensils with non-dominant which is kind of the hardest one of the hardest one and to me it's really yeah it's hard because I use chopsticks all the time I don't really use spoon or fork unless I have to and restaurant or something I mean maybe obviously those are easier harder yeah if you want to be really really really trained for it's your concern about asymmetrical face and then it's worth trying.Number 12, last tip, it's hand right with non-dominant which is kind of the hardest and I don't think I could do that I tried it and also when you do make up instead of using a non-dominant you can use thumb I mean so instead of dominant use non-dominant to do some makeup as well, it's hardly special around the eye because that requires a lot about to detail attention but yeah maybe if it's bigger thing you can you can try to use them yeah non-dominant.Oh my gosh there's so many things you can do with non-dominant and it's hard but maybe if you're interesting please try it a little bit little if you do everything I want it's gonna go crazy you're gonna go crazy you're gonna kill me so don't do that I can't get too stressed so I don't want to do get too stressed but little by little yeah when you think about it yeah and also I'm in my next video which I'm gonna publish in a few days later I'm going to introduce another interesting ideas to kind of not using the left hand but from things you can do from the left side because there are so many things that you can do like the right side left side right side left side, right? But and you have a habit to do from right side if you're not dominant is rest side so why don't we try to do start with left side I mean non-dominant sides to change our behavior to make our body and brain more symmetrical so stay tuned if you’re interested in.I read article that by using more non-dominant side your brain is more activated and it's good for brain as well like more creativity, more like a memory or something like that so which is additional good side effect but mainly I'm talking about if you're very concerned about asymmetrical face because that is coming from asymmetrical body which coming from can be lots of use of non-dominant hand so it's worth trying to use more non-dominant side.If your interested in other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper and book and sugar oil and app is launch, so please check it out, android, we're still working on it I'm so sorry but the app Apple I mean that Google Play not the Google Play what so, an app store is it's good so ready to go always to developing a lot of cool features and one of the feature that I've been really excited about and haven't done even thinking about it is zombie feature so, don't know yet, I need to talk to the developer but every time you show lower teeth you know that I'm not a big fan of motif right not just aesthetic purpose but by lower teeth, you're gonna get lots overwork the overworking muscle which is here and you don't want them you don't want to overwork the muscle but by overworking muscle you're gonna get more sagging, more laughing, a laugh line and the sagging, and everything is set like really pulling it down being pulled down which is not good so every time you show lower teeth on my app, you're face become zombie, something like that, that's one thing, it's very excited, but anyway I will keep you guys updated. Thank you so much for watching! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 17, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Things you can do from non-dominant side, for fixing asymmetrical body and face risk singhNovember 17, 2019 Next How to create cat eyes | Lift up the outer corners of the eyes by face yoga exercises risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Train Your Non-Dominant Hand For Symmetrical Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/17/12-ideas-to-train-your-non-dominant-hand-to-make-your-body-and-face-more-symmetrical"}
How To Create Agyo-Sal To Make Your Eyes More Defined Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to create agyo-sal (tiny eye bags) to make your eyes more defined, look bigger, prevent eye bags Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce three interesting effective exercise to create more agyo-sal so I hope I'm pronouncing okay I guess its Korean but not the thing about Korean people but that bump here in Japanese its namidabikro which means tear back so it's like there's a like a bump in below the eyes this is what we want to make ourselves look younger.Like a half year ago I was in Japan I took another class face exercise and I learned that three places that all you should try to have more like a poor out in out in more bump on peppers not like here but above the eyebrows and not answer the eyelid upper eyelid and lower eyelid and this is a cupid ball this should be one two three should be like up in up in then up in this makes people look younger she said.But today's video is about this about agyo-sal, so let's do it! First exercise, make peace like peace, like this upper index is on upper eyelid, I'm sorry lower , outer eyelid yeah that's the key that's what you want to lift up and then look slowly up then try not to move eyebrows and then up lower eyelid lift up down up down up down… yeah so why do we do this peace? One of the reason is to I wanna, I forgot to tell you, but I would like you to lift down a little bit bring it down just a little bit to bring more registers training, yeah so bring it down and up down and up down keep looking up 45 degree up without moving forehead or not causing forehead wrinkles with the uncertain wisdom without moving eyebrow right and then yeah just use this low eyelid muscle so bring it down and another reason that we put here is we wanna reduce tension because lot of tension is happening here and I have about happy to cause more wrinkle here so I'm preventing that also why do we do this here in addition to the resistance training this tells the brain that we are training outer muscle we are training not inner muscle or middle, but outer muscle, everything moved because it's connected but I like your brain to know that we are training this outer muscle so touching helps that so let's do it again.5 to 10 times so a little bit down just not too much just a little bit down and look 45 degree up and lower eyelid lift up down up down up down up down up down this is very very very subtle subtle movement so yeah I don't you don't have to do dramatic it's very subtle movement because it's tiny muscle.Number two, this exercise, it's the same thing we do peace and just a little bit down to give resistance but this time we look down so we look bring it down just look down and up down up or down by doing so looking down you can see the movement you should see some movement otherwise it's not moving so this is just a way to great way to see the movement because when you're looking up you can already see it so bring it down and up lower eyelid up down up down up down three four five to ten times.Number three so we did the upper 45 degree up and down so now we're gonna look at that. I'm gonna use the mirror so that I'm not lifting up eyebrows to make sure that yeah so bring it down a little bit then lower eyelid up down up down… five to ten times.Lower eyelid lift up is one of my favorite exercise because it's so multitasking, multi resolve generating exercise it's not just for a agyo-sal this the bump here but actually lifting up there so this is your eyeball and their fat around okay let's bring Joe, no Joe, it’s Bruce, Bruce yeah so there's an eyeball here right and then there's a fat around the eyeball this I've done bad on the upper eyelid stop break start sagging with Asian gravity in shorts eyebag so by lifting up this waking up this lower eyelid muscle this fat is gonna bring it back I mean up lift it up so you're gonna have less or no eyebag plus plus this hollow will be less, lots of people with age we're gonna get this hollow on eyelid which we don't want and this is great way to prevent that because we are bringing the fat up but the difference between agyo-sal and eyebag, is eyebag, it's more bigger one, agyo-sal is more smaller and when you have agyo-sal, your eyes look more defined and the more fresh because eye and agyo-sal is like a set one set and actually the eye eyebrow so this is gonna be one set so it's gonna look make your eye look bigger.By the way I forgot to tell you guys but I'm going to Halloween event tonight that's why I'm wearing this and I think it's perfect it's kind of a related business event so I'm gonna pitch my try to introduce my face yoga exercise and the app business that's why I'm wearing this.If you are interested in other exercises please make sure to visit my website Koko face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper and the sugar oil and the book available there and app is we're still working on, oh my gosh so hard oh my gosh I don't know what to say I'm sorry if I'm disappointing you but we are working so hard every single day to fix a bugs and improving our AI feature than every day so please be patient, your patients will be highly highly highly appreciated. Thank you so much and I will keep it up. I keep you guys updated! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to drink without causing tension (wrinkles) in the chin risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Next How to eliminate forehead line and wrinkles above eyebrows by Facial Yoga exercises Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Create Agyo-Sal To Make Your Eyes More Defined", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/11/13/how-to-create-agyo-sal-tiny-eye-bags-to-make-your-eyes-more-defined-look-bigger-prevent-eye-bags"}
Eliminate forehead line and wrinkles by Facial Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to eliminate forehead line and wrinkles above eyebrows by Facial Yoga exercises Hi everyone, today I'm going to introduce a new exercise to reduce or prevent or eliminate or kill completely kill forehead lines and also not just that, some small tiny but annoying lines above eyebrows. Just quick summary why we get more lines here and this one here too so with age, eye muscle here start deteriorating, it gets weaker so when we open our eyes or look up or something like that we, this because this is weak we tend to use depend on more, forehead muscle or eyebrow muscle if the eyebrow muscles up, very likely that you have a forehead wrinkle as well because this is so close and it connected. So it's important to train this forehead and train this eye muscle first in order to prevent this muscle, make sense?I did before a great video to do opus, quin opus with this exercise, this is like a must like a basic one so please do if you haven't watched it please check the link and coz this is more like additional, today's exercise more like additional what's the word, advanced version. Let’s do it, the theory is same so show me your forehead and use your finger and then so use the finger to freeze the forehead and then again same thing as the basic exercise but pinkies are on eyebrow this is very important because we gonna this time instead of opus, quin opus, this time we're gonna look up down up down up down or something like that so let's do it in pinkies oh, on eyebrow again because during the repetition of during the eye ball movement, eyebrows should not move at all. That's the key if you, if the eyebrows are moving you'll be using this muscle, eyebrow muscle which is not good, I'd like you to only use this over to on securing eyed muscle only so that's why pinkies pink - the own eyebrow to make sure that it's not moving so let’s do it.First, relax and then slowly the look up but you should not feel the movement of eyebrows it should be very very little or almost nothing. I mean when I do it, I feel I brow, I mean eyeballs are moving but not eyebrow. Up and then down then slowly slowly is a key if you do too fast it's like just bouncing at it you don't really feel enough training so slowly slowly slowly slowly up… but eyebrows are not moving to make sure yeah and then down….slowly down…. Okay I'm tired already and let's do one more time slowly ah eyebrows no moving but eyeballs are moving up more higher and then slowly down, whew I'm tired already.Okay, so let's do this time 45 degree up and down and up and down let's do that. So look, look 45 degree up but eyebrows are not moving right? and then look down then this slowly eyebrows no moving but 45 degree up and down okay, also this time let's do like this half saco, game? Eyebrows are not moving right? so look 45, 90 degree and then slowly up…. and then make saco… eyebrows are not moving… slowly and then slowly slowly up… and then let’s do one more round, and slowly up, only eyeballs and anywhere else is not moving and last one… woo… I'm sweating…How was it? We are so tired but this is a great way to train only this eye muscles it's important to target it's important to move that target is muscle only when you do exercise that's a key, also why do we have to look down because if you just do that up up up up it's, it's it's easier if you look down and up it's like, what's the word it's like this, I don't know how to explain but by doing on peppers down and up that helps to go up harder and harder the higher yeah so as a human nature or something like that I heard of I've heard of it so that's why I need to say look down and up not just up up up at the look down and up this is key and this 45 degree and down then half this…Interesting other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download, the yoga paper and the book sugar oil and our app is gonna come soon so please stay tuned sign up for the information in the description below and in a comment bellow, so see you in the next video. Thank you so much! Bye! Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to create agyo-sal (tiny eye bags) to make your eyes more defined, look bigger, prevent eye bags risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Next How to fix underbite/protruding jaw (chin) | How to chew, swallow, face posture, etc Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Eliminate forehead line and wrinkles by Facial Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/how-to-eliminate-forehead-line-and-wrinkles-above-eyebrows-by-facial-yoga-exercises"}
Asymmetrical Tongue Posture Makes Asymmetrical Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical tongue posture makes asymmetrical face | What is asymmetrical tongue posture? Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about asymmetrical tongue posture so what is asymmetric of time posture you guys know the importance of time up polite right so if you haven't watched the video my video in the past please check it out because it's so important in summary when your face is resting time should obey up to that up to the polite and then should not be touching the upper teeth a little bit like this is a spot and not like this there's a gap this is bad so you need to flat, flatten here to lift up your skull that's a basic basic tank posture when your face is resting.But lately I noticed something my tongue is asymmetrical so what do you mean by asymmetrical tongue it's not asymmetrical tongue but asymmetrical tongue posture was my problem and it still is problem but I want to talk about because it's important if you are concerned about asymmetrical face you might be having a symmetrical face eyes it's a symmetrical tongue posture like me so let's keep watching.Basically so the tongue is here this is upper teeth, lower teeth, right? So it's here, it should be like this that's the ideal but my tongue was like it's like this a little bit to the side and then I'm what's the word, here the side of that the side of the tongue it's hard to see it so let me let me show I got there so hope you guys understand so if it's like this tongue like this I feel more tension like I feel like I'm I'm oppressing here not here but this is bad because then when that happens if the time is it's let's say like this it's not in the center but a little bit tilted and you press hard here so you get more higher and then the other side become lower you get asymmetrical chin as well make sense?And I haven't still quite figured out how to fix yet but to me I mean the time is connected to neck and the throat and yeah here so it's more like I think you should not really too much worry about that tip of the tongue but worry about pay attention to more back of the tongue should be really pressing in the center to press up so if your face or tongue posture is tilted like this you're pressing more here I mean here like here not in the center so you should be really pay attention to it and it may be tilted like me if that's the case, easier way to fix it to me I need to study more but to me if I do bad posture like this it's so hard to fix it I need impossible if I put your head on your butt and good posture spine straight shoulder down and then tuck your chin a little bit and then I will be able to press both sides equally kind of not figured out not mastered yet but I think that’s the easier fix for me at the moment.So please check your time I mean tongue is up right now right? There's a gap between tongue and palate like that in then see which which side has more, you feel more lifting up the tongue, I don't know say um you know what I mean right I hope you do know what I mean but if you're if you have asymmetrical tongue posture you know what I mean I was putting more yeah actually I was for the purpose of the explanation gonna follow this one so I was doing like this so having attention more here instead of in the center here so instead of in order to fix that I need to have a good posture chin tuck in them then really trying to know not really care about the tip of the tongue but to care about this lower I mean the back of the tongue should be really touching and pressing up and then I feel like, I feel I can I can equally on the both side press up if I really pay attention to the back of the back of the tongue.I'm gonna keep trying to make asymmetrical have asymmetrical face, asymmetrical tongue posture from now so I will keep you guys updated and find a good solution of course I'm gonna YouTube here so please stay tuned.If you interesting in that exercises check my website. It’s far, Koko face @ yoga.com to free yoga paper and the sugar oil and stay tuned! See you in the next video! Thank you so much! Bye! risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How To Fix Asymmetrical Face risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Next How to asses asymmetrical face with teeth alighnment and how to fix | Chiropractic technique risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical Tongue Posture Makes Asymmetrical Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/asymmetrical-tongue-posture-makes-asymmetrical-face-what-is-asymmetrical-tongue-posture"}
Instant Face Lift By Stretching Neck Muscles Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Instant face lift by stretching neck muscles | Fix asymmetrical saggy cheek Hi everyone, today I'm going to introduce quick, easy, stretch to offer you, what's the word instant face-lift. This technique applies, works for you if you are, the sagging is partially because of bad body posture. Basically we're gonna stretch this muscle because this becomes very what sort, if you have bad posture include me, like this or like this or something and this become not really stretched yet and it's really a shrink start tense, the muscle become harder and shorter and then it's like really this part is like pulling down like here then of course this area that cheek area becomes pulling down as well because this one and this one those really close together, make sense?First, let's check your face and then see which one is more sagging and in which one is less up. In my case I feel like this part is more sagging so I'm gonna work on this muscle, so you guys know which one to work on? yep, so change your hair if you have long hair like me. Okay let's do it, so use a finger to hook on this collar coz you're gonna stretch here and then the other one is like this and then head straight first that's straight and then lift up this lorry tilt. When you do it if you're having bad posture like this it's not gonna be effective so put your head on your butt, put your head on your butt so not like this not this but yeah this head is place straight to down on your butt, yeah then like this like this, then lift up then stretch a hook on the color and then tilt like this then, one two three four five six seven eight nine ten George Junie juice and juicy judoka juices with your kinesia. Oh my God, actually, when I, maybe I stretched too much, ahmm, too long… I have a neck pain right now…When I saw this technique from other chiropractor or person in Japan he was saying like 60 minutes, 60 minutes, one minute or 1/2 minutes each time but I quit like maybe I don't know like 30 seconds or something another half I'm having a big neck pain right now to be honest, so I don't recommend you to do longer than 10 seconds because I don't want to help, by the way this is just lipstick thing. I don't suggest you do longer than 10 seconds and then if you can do if you can do 10 seconds first and then if you think you can go long, longer than 10 seconds without any pain to longer up to one minute or one and a half minute but like me whatever I didn't do this long time then suddenly did it so my neck was not ready so I'm right now having a neck pain I cannot straight I cannot look, oh my gosh this is dangerous so don't do that don't do that suddenly one minute just start with ten seconds first.Anyway I don't know I feel like I have this constant part is a little bit lifted, what do you think maybe worked may be it work the pain I don't know. I was gonna do both side because of this pain accident. I hope gonna, I'm gonna take a rest I'm gonna stop right here but for the exercise part because I cannot move my neck oh my gosh anyway.Thank you very much for oh no it's really painful I don't know what happened maybe. I stretched too much maybe careful so. Interesting other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download yoga paper, sugar oil, book in Athens loans we're still working on the AI part very very very hard so please stay tuned it's gonna be getting better working on Android as well right, so we will I will announce when it's fully fully launched I mean fully fully kind of a good to go um but it's already launched on the launch on the App Store and the Google Play so free download. Please try it, thank you so much! See you on the next video. Bye!Oh by the way the co, the app just search koko face yoga. Thank you so much! Bye… risk singhOctober 24, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to asses asymmetrical face with teeth alighnment and how to fix | Chiropractic technique risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Next 3 Exercises for slimming nose Koko HayashiMarch 26, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Instant Face Lift By Stretching Neck Muscles", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/24/instant-face-lift-by-stretching-neck-muscles-fix-asymmetrical-saggy-cheek"}
3 Exercises For Slimming Nose - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Exercises for slimming nose Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to make our nose a little bit more slim. Number one, use your finger and then close one whole nostril and then and keep this 10 seconds so let's try again I'm gonna do this side so exhale. It's hard… why do we do this exercise because with age nostril become bigger unfortunately because there's muscle here and it's not really being used as much as younger age and then instead deteriorated it doesn't have to be really tightened so it becomes bigger wider um so if you are concerned about nostrils a little bit big and wanna make it smaller do this exercise.Number two, this is the advanced version of this but this time we're gonna use two fingers and then exhale [Laughter] It’s hard, so this exercise is similar to this one but more advanced version now we're gonna make it more advanced use not finger no finger and then in exhale, cannot keep a second, but last one was a no finger and do this, also uhmm, very very very important to do nose breathing because every time you nose breathing you're using this muscle but if you use mouth breathing, this is just hanging around and not doing anything and then deteriorate it becomes wider so it's very very important to be aware of I mean not, so confused, it's very important to keep doing nose breathing all the time. Actually it's not nose breathing, it's eye breathing, if you want to know what eye breathing it is, check the link in the description below.Last exercise, so this is a bit hard to explain because you're gonna see any difference visually but I learned this exercise really like more than 10 years ago because someone told me that we get the tip of the nose start sagging with age it becomes longer, nose become longer with age, face become longer with age including the nose and who wants longer nose like this, I don't think many people want that so yeah and then I was looking for any exercise at that time and I'm not doing as much as 10 years ago but somehow I was worried about getting the law tip of that laws become longer in the future so I was doing at the time anyway so that exercise is like this... I'm doing it I know you cannot see it but I'm doing it so what I'm doing is that just like a having tension, tightness here on tip of the nose you should touch it so that it feels better and try to lift up the tip of the nose a little bit up, that's it I know you don't see anything but if you do it you might feel something you should have feel something like a tightness or having attention tip of the nose because this is really sleeping yeah so this is so very unnoticeable, so it's very discrete exercise that you can do whenever even in public.So three exercise to make our nose a little bit more slim and make nostrils slimmer smaller one is this in ten seconds ten seconds and then number two if you cannot do it from the beginning use your finger, ten seconds and the last one is this tip of the nose tighten the tip of the nose whatever you, you can whenever you want and also eye breathing, not nose breathing about eye breathing, mouth breathing is out of the question right, but now the trend is eye breathing. Thank you very much for watching be sure to check my website face yoga with Koko.com and get this face yoga paper and the books and the sugar oil thank you so much see in the next video bye! Koko HayashiMarch 26, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Instant face lift by stretching neck muscles | Fix asymmetrical saggy cheek risk singhOctober 24, 2019 Next 3 exercises to fix asymmetric chin Koko HayashiMarch 24, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Exercises For Slimming Nose - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/26/3-exercises-for-slimming-nose"}
How To Fix Asses Asymmetrical Face With Teeth Alignment Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to asses asymmetrical face with teeth alighnment and how to fix | Chiropractic technique Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce a way to check how asymmetrical your faces are and also how to fix it by checking your teeth.So first let's assess our faces check your mirror, if you don't have mirror, you can use a phone or something and put in selfie mode so that you can check your especially that teeth here so first relax and gently gently just naturally not thinking anything just close your mouth and then close your upper teeth and lower teeth should be touching this time. I always say should not be touching when your face is resting but this time for the purpose of assessment, touch it! Then each other see if the center of the upper teeth here uh-huh and here this is aligned straight or not.I noticed that unfortunately mine is not straight it's just a little bit different yeah this one is all right this side and yeah also you should check the cupid's bow this the bump here this this cupid's bow and this line in this line three points one two three should be lined straight. I feel like upper teeth are okay but lower teeth who is the one who is to the side yeah I think yeah, so I need to bring it back here to move the lower teeth here. Like this I draw down something but, so this is this one and this part should be straight but my case it's not really straight so should I wanna make it this cupid's bow and this line upper teeth and lower teeth those one two three you want to make it those three straight.So everyone check your face and you did you understand the logic so let's do this exercise in my case I need to I need to bring this like a lower jaw area to this side so I'm gonna press use your finger and then like really press to this side this side but this case use the other hand and then it's like pressing both equally then when you face out when your mouth should be when you do this when you your face should be a little bit open that relax the face especially the chin because that's that one you want you are trying to chiropractic right so in 10 second, inhale then exhale relax and open your mouth [Music] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… That's it and let's check the teeth I don't know it's kind of same maybe maybe I need to do multiple times but could be a little bit if it's just one time you might not see results because this is very strong thing you should not do do too many times maybe up to five times per day and I learned this technique from other chiropractor in Japan so I'm hoping it works.So let's do it again like this open your mouth and then… 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10… This is a big pressure… A little bit yeah maybe a little bit straight here now than before, well let me know if you tried it please let me know if you this makes any difference or not on your teeth because if the teeth this one cupid's bow and upper teeth and notice if there's one two three and in straight you have a beautiful straight symmetrical mouth so it's likely that you have a beautiful symmetrical face and if you don't this this training I mean the chiropractic exercise might help you to have more beautiful symmetrical fake mouth and then that is so important for symmetrical face make sense?If you are interested in other exercises check my website Koco face yoga.com to free download the yoga paper and sugar oil, book and face yoga app is launched! launch launch so l don't I don't know why I say I launched launched launched my English is getting worse lately. Maybe too much stress from the app, it got me tired, there’s a lot going on because we do not just video gallery but we add some AI features which is so much work and I'm not the coder I'm not developer so I'm working with the developer in Armenia and they're so good but it's just so difficult and I knew that it's difficult this much and it's happening right now and but anyway please check my premium oh I mean the three exercises out of 30 exercises in the app are free so please check it out and we are really really really working so hard to improve the AI feature thing so please don't, be patient I would appreciate if you've become more patient because it's gonna be better and better. See you in the next video! Thank you so much! Bye! risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Asymmetrical tongue posture makes asymmetrical face | What is asymmetrical tongue posture? risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Next Instant face lift by stretching neck muscles | Fix asymmetrical saggy cheek risk singhOctober 24, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Fix Asses Asymmetrical Face With Teeth Alignment", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/how-to-asses-asymmetrical-face-with-teeth-alighnment-and-how-to-fix-chiropractic-technique"}
How To Fix Asymmetrical Face - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How To Fix Asymmetrical Face Assess Asymmetry in the Face:Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce one only one body exercise to fix asymmetrical face. First of all if you are concerned about a symmetrical face please watch my video, 7 Bad Habits to Cause Asymmetrical Face that's so important in fix those bad habits and in addition I would like to introduce new exercise but not body, face exercise, but body exercise and there are many exercises you can do like pilates or their good posture or so many things you can do because body position face wash your face asymmetrical face so related but if you have to do if you want to do only one because you don't have time to do so many things and then please keep watching.First of all let's assess which side is more sagging and which side is more up so check your corners of the eyebrow, corners of the eye cheek, corners of the mouth and the chin or saggy cheeks of many areas, check your mirror and it's very normal that for example this is up but this is this is down or something like there it's not always the same on this the one either either side but you might have like either side is more like in general it's more sagging in the other one is more up or something like that.Also today we're going to do body exercise so use your finger to like here to like this and then move both I try not to move the the hip I'm mean the butt waist waist area stable the waist area just move like this and then don't don't do like this this is be accurate assessment so spine straight shoulder down and then tuck your chin and then just simply move to the both side and see which one is easier to move to me this is harder and maybe this is easier yeah see which one is harder in general in general this is for in general box if you are like this side is easier it can be likely this side is hanging and if this is more easier and then this might be sagging because your spine is straight like not straight the carbs are like like this so let's see so let's say this side is sagging and this size is more up and then very likely that your the your spine is like curved like this right so you do more this movement so slowly one two but because you wanna you wanna lift up the here so do more here stronger here a little bit deeper and then um too slowly then one two maybe two more five times in total yeah the point is the muscle we are doing moving the muscle here next to the spine.In summary if this part is sagging very likely that your you'll do like this your spine is like this but like this right so like this see see curve so you wanna do more this side but ideally you should do both side and do that we come on harder or do that um yeah this it's hard oh my gosh it's so hard to do in front of this camera because I'm using my computer Mac webcam and webcam shows right side and left side on the opposite I'm sorry about that I don't have the proper camera that's why.Next step is more deeper so you move the more outer corner of the back.Last step if you want to be challenged more if you want to make things more effective you can do like this in like this then the same thing but try to move the, the outer of the outer muscle in the back so this side in my case I do more here yep like this like this harder and deeper yep it's really good stress though.I didn't want to confuse you but in general so let me talk let me summarize again if this part is tugging you are doing like this probably so do that the opposite opposite one do the stretch the curved muscle more like by doing this so if your this part is more sagging and this is more up and then your you are originally doing it like this right so you do more opposite part make sense? But ideally you should do both and do that carved one more and deeper and stronger.Interesting in other exercises check my website Koko face yoga.com to free download, yoga paper and the book sugar oil and app is already launch, already launched! Oh my gosh I cannot speak and I'm so tired I'm so sorry um… app is already launched by the time this video is posted. I think so, please check my website as well! Thank you so much! See you on the next video! Bye! risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Before/After in 5 years | How and where Face Yoga exercises changed my face risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Next Asymmetrical tongue posture makes asymmetrical face | What is asymmetrical tongue posture? risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Fix Asymmetrical Face - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/how-to-fix-asymmetrical-face"}
How And Where Face Yoga Exercises Changed My Face Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Before/After in 5 years | How and where Face Yoga exercises changed my face Hi everyone! Today I'm going to talk about what changed in my face since I studied becoming very serious about face yoga exercises. So as you can see um this is the same cloth that I was wearing like five years ago today's what 2019 right so it was like 2014 which is long time ago so at that time I was 35 years old and right now I'm this year I'm 40 years old so even at the time I was this was filmed in Japan and I was doing YouTube and I was introducing some kind of face training equipment or something like that so I was doing some exercises but not as serious as now because I didn't know much about it I mean I knew it a little bit but two years ago I took face yoga instructor course certification course in Japan and then I started really serious about in learning about exercises more and more and then started teaching here so at that time five years ago I was doing at some kind of exercises but not as much as now and I didn't know much about it.The biggest change that I received from face yoga exercises since five years ago is I think it's more heart shaped here it was I think I have more TMJ pain here at that time five years ago and I was grinding a little bit and yeah I had a tension because at that time I didn't know about TCH Teeth Contact Habit TCH is a bad thing so when if you have TMJ pain or some kind of tension here you might be doing TCH when your face is resting which you should not so please don't apathy no artist should not be touching when your face is resting yeah so some depth doctors dentist in Japan they said TCH is worse than grinding and because grinding is maybe like 10 minutes 5 minutes or I don't know 15 minutes or some 20 minutes or something in at night but if your face is right when your face is resting all the time and then tease apart it's not is touching that is a much less tension but it's longer hours so it gives more tension in here it gives more TMJ pain and overdeveloped this jaw line here and as you can see my before photo I think I have more I mean the body is kind of say maybe I gain weight I don't know it's almost saying around yeah but this way is more like more developed over developed here because this is overworking muscle and I was over working the overall image from here that's why I had more like notely like this heart shaped more like square shape face I think.Another interesting difference from five years ago is like I feel like my eyes a little bit bigger don't you think I mean at that time five years ago I had already eyeliner permanent makeup so I think I'm wearing it I'm at that time I was wearing some makeup but it's kind of same right so I had permanent makeup by the time I filmed this five years ago and I still have it and I wear makeup eyeliner so makeup the same but I think eyes a little bit bigger because of because I learned the importance of using this muscle instead of not using forehead muscle.With age, the eye muscle become weak so when you open your eyes a little bit bigger or look up or something we tend to use to use this muscle instead of this muscle so it's important to train this muscle and let's do the exercise!First relax your face and I realize that my my nails are messy but never mind, relax and then pinkies forehead phrase your forehead with fingers and pinkies are on eyebrows yeah this is very important because when you open eyes that's big as possible and squint all to squint or to squint we're gonna do three times but during the repetition please make sure that your eyebrows are not moving and if you touch your fingers the pinkies is on on eyebrows you could easily tell the eyebrows are moving or not so let's do it! Open that's because possible without moving forehead without lifting up eyebrows and then slowly squint try to lift lower lower lid eyelid as much as possible almost close but do not close again and then slowly open but do not move your eyebrows again as big as possible and then slowly squint lower eyelid lift up do not move your eyebrows almost close your eyes but do not close yet and then slowly open slowly slowly open as big as possible but without moving eyebrows and then last once slowly squint lower eyelid lift up do not move your eyebrows no do not close any wrinkles on your forehead… hooo! Every time I do I get wet because this is very intense ok yeah so this is a really good exercise to wake up only use this only muscle not anywhere else. Other difference I think is more full of cheeks maybe I gain more weight I don't know but I met a really nice instructor in Japan she has a beautiful cheekbones and she's fifty something and I was totally adore her I mean impressed and I got so into her and she's really amazing and she taught me the importance of high cheek flaw cheekbones since then I'm doing lots of like this oh ahh… okay so let's do it oh ah… you don't have to say oh a but ohh waah show upper teeth at least eight, feel your cheekbone then tuck the lower lip inside then 1,2 3,4,5 ,6,7,8,9,10… and keep it as long as possible I think ten seconds but you don't have to do you could do ten seconds or more ten seconds is just a rule of thumb it just yeah just guideline but you can do longer and I think I don't know how many times I do her day maybe just could be just one day or twice but I had an alternate forehand side each or at the same time and I, I don't know I just do it because sometimes when I'm tired I feel gravity in my cheeks, I feel my face is sagging I feel it then I lift up reset the gravity again against the gravity which is so important there are more other exercises this was was our cheeks and another one, middle chick in a cheek and the more inner inner cheek exercises so check out the videos or as well if you're interested in.Also I think the higher flaw cheek bone is made made by maintained by lift up chewing system so what is a lift up chewing system I just named it so when you eat it instead of a mmmmmm.. cheek I mean chew the thing the foods by using cheeks instead of mouth and of course mouth it's gonna move but try to just imagine that your cheeks are fighting and chewing the food.Other interesting differences actually this is not from five years ago back to this even last year two things happen to me especially when I smile so this is very interesting when I smile I was I'm gonna use my yeah I was able to see one two three four one two three four only and but now because maybe I smile use more by using more this cheek muscle I may able to see a little bit of a one two three four five, one two three four five. A fifth teeth, fifth tooth, teeth one one so it was not happening last year but somehow I'm not really trying to sleep smile crazy but somehow I'm able to show let's see a little bit of fifth teeth which is a big improvement for me because I always wanted to do that but I couldn't last year but somehow this year I'm able to do maybe because of the lift up in the system or more exercises and more away over the tank posture maybe so many reasons but that was an interesting change.Last difference, actually this is another another one from last year not from five years ago one from last year is I reduce this line when I slab article not this horrid miselabial line but the horizontal one which I really didn't like and didn’t know what to do but when I noticed oh my gosh it's gone it's totally dramatically still there but the reduced which I'm so happy about. I believe it those lots of exercises and lift up chewing at the same thing yeah trying to posture many things get the credit to this result. Since five years ago so many things happening so many things happen and of course I've aged five years so unfortunately there are some aging symptoms happen for example my forehead is much skinnier I get more eleventh eye even though I try not super duper super duper duper careful I get some a little bit of line here and like cross feet temples or skinnier as well and yeah but um it's okay because that's a natural aging process and I know how to fix it so I believe in my method and other people's method as well so I keep learning and keep introducing so please stay tuned.If your interested in the other exercises check my website Koko [email protected] to free download the paper and the book sugar oil and app is coming soon so please sign up for them down there in the waiting list in the description below. Thank you so much! Stay up on the next video! Bye! risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | Instant result to reduce veins on the hands, etc risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Next How To Fix Asymmetrical Face risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How And Where Face Yoga Exercises Changed My Face", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/beforeafter-in-5-years-how-and-where-face-yoga-exercises-changed-my-face"}
How To Eliminate/Reduce Marionette Lines/Jowls Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account KOKO Face Yoga exercises/tips to eliminate/prevent/reduce marionette lines/jowls Hi everyone!Today I'm going to talk about how to fix eliminate or prevent not this one but marionette line. In case you don't know what marionette line is but marionette line is like not this one this is miselabial line and this one it's like could be like this or could be like a little bit more below or up to that person but this annoying line which no one wants I think.Before we go to the exercise on tips let me explain why this happens so with ace everything is start starting right of course not everything but a lot of things and this part is sagging and this is like overarching muscle so if you have developed a lot of muscle here like me and then it's always really pulling down yeah so this part is gets harder and but this skin and the fat on the muscle is start sagging because of natural aging process so you get like this one is soft fat skin is sagging hanging but this one is hard this one is hard so there's like a separation between this hard chin muscle and this saggy fat that in between those two this chin and the saggy fat skin that's the line marionette line.So first thing you're gonna do is massage the chin to break down the tension in the muscle because this is hard so you can do like this or could be like this if you do like this it's better to out you might want to add some lubricant to prevent friction but like this face yet technic like one two three four five and up or if it's not if it's up too much for you when you're waiting for your friends or something just like this massage.And of course when your face is resting if you think you have a habit to cause tension in the chin like me always hang it up tension is up not down but always everything is up so that you will not feel you will not cause tension in the chin and my tip is I'm always checking my chin. I have a phone, this phone has a mirror here so always checking my chain on my Apple watch has a mirror filter and usually my desk there are two one each mirror like this so always taking my chin I'm so conscious about my chin.What about massaging the marionette line that is not appropriate that is not good because this one it's not what sort this if you have if you stretch and the do like do kind of a massage or something this part gets stretched and when the skin gets stressed excessively you're gonna get excess skin and show as wrinkles show as more lines show as like a jaw for more minor large you don't want because that's excess skin and hanging down right so do not do not do not massage the marionette line but massage that chin instead.Another tip is when you're smiling if you have a concern about marionette line you might be smiling to the side like this, of course nobody's doing that I'm exaggerating of course but your cheeks should be up when you're smiling instead of smile like this, like this if this is happening it's really playing it down and you're gonna get much in tension which you don't want so try to lift up on that chick always.If you have a habit to smile to the side instead of up and then it's very likely that you might not be able to do like duck duck lip this duck one. You wanna really especially forget about the lower but the upper lip should be able to you should be able to curl up this oh yeah because probably because you keep using this muscle instead of this muscle so this one is weak so there's another exercise to for, to this shorten philtrum and more Cupid's bow exercise so please check the video as well.Last tip is when your face is resting, tiny smile always just a little bit almost like corners of the mouth should be flat or just a little bit like almost like even 5 degree within 5 degree there a little smile tiny smile if it's too much and then you're gonna get stretched the skin here so that's not good so just just just a very very little tiny smile is the best and so that's this way you are really playing up the skins instead of just hanging around so you prevent that this marionette line and jaw as well.So in summary if you're concerned about marionette line, I'm always a little bit tiny smile and chin exercise right to reduce chin tension as a lot as much as possible when your face is resting do not massage here and when you smile you might be doing to the side so training this area so that you use more lip area I mean the upper lip muscle instead of this muscle.If you are interesting in other exercises, check my website Koko [email protected] yoga com to free download the yoga paper, sugar oil and the lessees monetizing book and my face yoga app with AI technology is available now so please check the link in description below or in my website or here somewhere here. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to fix underbite/protruding jaw (chin) | How to chew, swallow, face posture, etc Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 Next 7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | Instant result to reduce veins on the hands, etc risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Eliminate/Reduce Marionette Lines/Jowls", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/koko-face-yoga-exercisestips-to-eliminatepreventreduce-marionette-linesjowls"}
No More Reading Glasses - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account No more reading glasses Hi guys today I'm going to talk about eye exercise so that you don't have to use reading glasses. This exercise is great for preventing the use of reading glasses or even when you use it now with this exercise you will need to use reading glasses a little bit maybe less so let's try it, but before going to the exercise let me explain why you need reading glasses with age because adjusting muscle in the eye deteriorated and then it's hard to adjust so then you use reading glasses as kind of a support, to support adjusting muscle ability in the eye so if you train the adjusting muscle in the eye you will not use you will not have to use reading glasses.First, relax your face and eye and then use your thumb. Actually, doesn't have to be thumb, I will introduce something later but you let's say use your thumb and focus, target the focus here and then look at some clothes and something far then close then far then close and far at this point you should be your eyes should be a little bit of tired and then close and then this time just just a little bit farther. Find up, identify any target that add a little bit farther and then close then far then close then far then close again this time slowly close up to the eye and almost lose your focus. It's okay to lose focus but not too much, just a little weak, lose your focus but try to lose try to use the adjusting muscle to try to target that close point and then far then close then far then close then far. What do you think? It's hard to ahmm, demonstrate because you might think I'm just looking at this but far close far close and this is a really good exercise to train the adjusting muscle. Please try now and I would love to know how you feel, your eyes should do have a fatigue it's not effective, you're not doing it correctly. Actually this exercise is very kind of not very common, but some people know it, so I thought American people know about it too but I just started teaching it and I asked around, I'm asking around them people don't know about this exercise but if you if you can, we can train our eyes and we'll know you have to use reading glasses naturally like by doing this exercise isn't that a great? and then you save money you don't have to use glasses, and it’s all good and so I suddenly, I don’t want to use reading glasses so I'm gonna yeah, I I tried to do.One tip, so when you do this exercise actually um yeah it's important to call in incorporate this exercise into your daily routine so that you don't you don't have to work hard to try it's easier to try if you incorporate into your daily lifestyle so my suggestion use your phone instead of thumb that means okay when you're by yourself but in public if you want to do it because you're waiting for friends waiting for train or waiting for uber or something and in public it's a perfect time to do this exercise but if you do this in public it's kind of a strange person yeah people think it you are weird so I know that to prevent that use your thumb and then use it like look at here and the far and close and far and close and far and then a little bit closer then lose almost loose you focus actually I don't know I might be losing focus but it's okay just because this is a good training and they're far and close and far so use your phone or something, you don't have to use thumb.Another tip is that when you look at something the far point should not be done should not be this different angle it should be the same angle, same line, make sense? same eye height, not here not here not here not here but here the same position so that you don't have to use other muscle just focus on adjusting muscle.Actually I'm just right now live-streaming my filming on our YouTube oh Instagram and like a great question how far how near from your eyes your thumb should be there so my case it's all like here or here and if it's this close I lose focus, I can’t and so maybe like this is the closest, yeah and I lose focus, so something like this, so 1, 2, 3 inch or something right? But it's up to you as long as you you don't lose big focus it's okay you lose a little bit focus that's okay big focus not okay yeah and the far point farther the farthest the better farther the better but there's always a limitation if it's inside the house or office so but I highly suggest you do a dips outside so that you can find the real target far target.Thank you very much for watching and be sure to visit my website face yoga with koko.com to get this Yoga paper free download and my book and sugar oil. See you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Exercises to reduce jowls Koko HayashiMarch 12, 2019 Next 3 face yoga exercises for donald trump Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "No More Reading Glasses - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/8/no-more-reading-glasses"}
3 Face Yoga Exercises For Donald Trump Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 face yoga exercises for donald trump Hi guys today I'm going to introduce three exercise that I would advise to Donald Trump. The reason why I wanted to do this is that every time I see people stranger or even not stranger but regular people everywhere, if I'm not thinking anything else I might be kind of thinking oh she should do this exercise, he should not do that the facial expression or that kind of things all the time it's just my bad habit as a facial instructor, yeah so I've been thinking maybe you might, a lot of people who, a lot of people know who hear, so I think it's a great idea too interesting idea to suggest some three exercises face yoga exercises for Donald Trump.Number one, neck exercise, this is great for double chin, turkey neck, double neck, whatever neck and I don't I'm not saying that he has those neck, I don't know what do you think but anyway I think it's a great exercise for him or even for you to do as a prevention or reduction of those aging symptoms in the neck. Let's do it! Unless you have neck pain from sleeping posture or something you can do this actually I have some pain on in the neck yesterday and I couldn't do the exercises but now I can do today I can do so let's do it. Let me show you how… [Music] Repeat this repetition three times, each one is five, five seconds so what I'm doing first is a look up and stretch your neck and chin is under bite I learned new English in New York Thank You Sandra for teaching me new English it's look this it's called under bight right so you do look to under bite for posture when you are looking up and stretching here especially here and then stick on your tongue and then after you do like duck face but keep, keep the under bite posture keep the stretch here and you should feel here being really tightened. Let's do three repetitions so slowly look up stretch your leg feel the stretch here and then under bite and then stick on your tongue… [Music]Actually when you do it you don't have to scream like me…I'm tired [Music] ohh.. I'm really tired I sure am I'm so tired I just came back from Sonoma in, it's a northern Northern California where the peanuts the cartoon Snoopy, was my favorite when I was kid his he was that the person who was drawing their cartoon was living, living in, in that city so there the airport was all about Snoopy cartoon.Thank You Alexa, Alexa was reminding to do something right now so that is a really good exercise to reduce the double-neck of those things also I highly suggest for him.Next exercise, advice for him is stop doing the grumpy mouth, yeah for women it's called resting bitch face, I don't know for men English for the word resting this for men but anyway he has a tendency to do it's just a little bit grumpy all the time even if he is not grumpy I don't know if he's really grump really grumpy or not anyway when you're resting just a little bit tiny smile it's very very important because with age the corners are now start sagging right so always just a little bit tiny smile and then I'll let's do at the exercise, this is grateful lifting up the corners of the mouth so by building this muscle more here it will be easier for you to do more anti resting bitch face. Repeat this three to five times, let me show you how so first smile then show me a practice at least eight. I learned that Asian people have more smaller teeth so you might be showing the eight like me but if you are, if your mouth is really beautiful and a wider that's beautiful you and you should try to show 10 or even 12 then show that four teeth and then keep showing the four teeth especially the corners when the tongue is moving.[Music][Applause][Music]I did a video about this exercise before, so if you are interested in, check the link in the description below.Number three this eleventh so this is really coming from facial expression and there are some exercise to reduce this prevent this how to say this wrinkle lines but the easiest way is just really try not to do it when you're resting or when you are conscious and you could even scotch tape here so that you notice ,when you cause wrinkle here you'll notice the tape tells you that you're doing it also my favorite one I don't know if he is using any skincare cream or something but if he does or if you do to use some cream like my, our favorite in your clinical sugar oil and apply it a little bit then put it on here or here yeah then use your finger as a shiatsu to do shih tzu technique like this 1 2 3 4 5 just 5 to 10 and just really hard like this, this hard to break down the muscle tension so that it's easier not to cross lines when you're resting but really important thing is try not to do it when you're resting maybe you can ask your friends or a family member to inform you when you are doing it. Thank you very much for watching be sure to come to my website face yoga with Koko.com and get this yoga paper free download and my book and skin balancing sugar oil. See you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous No more reading glasses Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Next Lift up, outer, middle, inner cheeks Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Face Yoga Exercises For Donald Trump", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/8/3-face-yoga-exercises-for-donald-trump"}
3 Exercises To Reduce Jowls - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 Exercises to reduce jowls Hi guys today I'm going to do three tips and exercises to prevent, reduce, eliminate kill this jowls.The reason why I wanted to do this video is that jowl is developing on my face unfortunately and it's really bothering, I hate it, I wish I had known this tip like long time ago that's why I'm doing this so that you guys can yeah start doing it. I was really regret that some things that I didn't do for a long time and I wish I had known this tip long time ago. That first one, keep your mouth shut all the time as much as, as long as possible except when you're talking or eating or something. Since when I was kid, confession, my mouth was a little bit open all the time and I really wish I have known this thing when I was kid because I was long my mouth was open for too long time and when that happens, mouth is open now for the skin here, it's stress too much and then when your excess skin is developed and when your mouth is shut, close and then you get the excess skin as jowl which is so scary and I really hate that, I hope it's not too late for me, I don't know, I’m trying yeah the exercises to fix that because I can tell when I my mouth relax and then, see like a little bit lying here, yeah, you see this is more obvious, this is excess skin because my mouth was always open it's really, I don't know what to say, it's very very shocking I really wish I had known this thing long time ago. So please keep your mouth shut as long as possible as much as possible and when that becomes your habit then when you sleep, your mouth it should be close too, so because it's real habit when you are awake and then when you're asleep it should be you have that you are able to keep your mouth shut even when you're sleeping.Number two exercise. So let's do this let me show you how..The other side..So what I'm doing the first make Pringles duck face and then keep the round shape at 45 degree up or doing so keep the run checker for doing so you're trading dish washer fling the dishwasher in the other side choose the round shape, round shape as much as possible yeah then you're trying this shoulder, you should feel this part is really pulling to this side, yeah so we are training this, it should be really used to feel that this part is really pulled like this put a lot otherwise it's not effective. It's important to keep the round shape, the previous one so use your finger at the beginning.[Music] Some people are concerned about causing wrinkle by doing this exercise but because we do this side and this side. it's okay it's not like you're doing this pause for like three hours or anything like that right so it's okay to cause a little bit of wrinkles because we stretch right after that.Number three, when you're resting, anti resting bitch face. Resting bitch face is like this,cause you're wrinkled and sagging this is not good so always when you're resting when your face is resting just a little bit of tiny smile by doing so you reduce the chin tension here and then lifting up the corners of the mouth which is connected to this jaw so if you're concerned about this job it's very important to keep always lifted up here so that the jaw is a little bit lifted up too.So three tips when you're resting not talking or eating anything then you're you should keep your mouth shut as long as possible as much as possible as often as possible even when you are sleeping to prevent excess skin stretching thing. Number two exercise [Music] tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu open and yeah number three when you're resting just a little bit of tiny smile to lift up here just because it's connected jaw is connected here.Thank you very much for watching, if you are interested to more Japanese exercises check my website face yoga with koko.com to get this free download paper, yoga paper and my book and my sugar oil and other products on listed there, also check my Instagram, Facebook, what else, twitch I started twitch recently and Tik-tok and yeah I think that's it! See you in the next video! Thank you! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 12, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Yawn exercise to make chin symmetrical Koko HayashiMarch 13, 2019 Next No more reading glasses Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Exercises To Reduce Jowls - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/12/3-exercises-to-reduce-jowls"}
7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | How to reduce veins Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | Instant result to reduce veins on the hands, etc Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce great tips to keep our hands younger.Number one, sunscreen you might be applying enough sunscreen on the face but do not ever forget hands because face you can kind of easily fixed by some laser or something if you get some pigment sunspot the hands it's so hard because the skin is so much thinner. My case I may apply this maybe like this kind of amount a lot in them a lot like oh I dropped it actually because it was a lot and I apply like this a lot a lot a lot yeah as you can see a lot right this is the first thing I do and then I take it and then put it on the face so this is the amount that I put is for hand and the face all over could be difficulties as well there is no melanin on here harm so you don't have to put anything in here you just want to put it on here.Also when I'm walking outside if there some jacket or something that I can I can cover my hand I try to do so and sometimes I instead of walking like this and showing this part to the sun exposed to the sun I twist I twist because this part no melanin so there's no skin cancer or a sport or sunspot any, no risk here so instead of walking like this walk like this and twist twist and hide the hand here today that does not expose get exposed to the sun.Second tip, every time you wash your hands like going to restroom or something to wash your hands and then apply cream and cream or body cream or lotion or something whatever you have and the tip is thicker the better but unlike face this the what's or the more frequency multiplied can't you apply cream on them on the skin the better because skin is always washing hands or something that gets dry so the more you apply the better instead of good amount the the what the amount of you apply at one time should doesn't have to be very a lot but the more you do the better frequency matters more than amount.For face skin I like doing skin fast if you know what it is skin fast is a technique that you do not apply any any moisturizer on the face and sleep once a week without any moisturizer or at least maybe apply just a little bit see very dry area around the eye for example and then that's it do not naked skin's liquid it makes naked into reason to grow, drink their natural rejuvenation process that that's sticking fast technique does not apply to them to the hands so for the hands, you really need to apply as often as possible, because you wash hands every time you wash the restroom and something and it's it's yeah it get easily get dry thicker cream the better. Tip three the way you apply hand cream or some kind of cream on the face matters let's try again this is my miracle in sugar oil so you put a lot on to my mouth here and then you don't have to put anything on here you just want to apply on that here I see I do like is to like this and then thoroughly apply even in like in what sort between the hands so that it's really thoroughly on not just the surface of that side of the finger as well and then don't you you might want to um like not just like this but fold the joint on purpose so the skin is stretched and you can actually apply more including this wrist so yeah this gets wrinkled too so you want to apply it here yeah so all the way between the fingers and like this yeah everywhere no not just this but the fold and both the joint on purpose today stretch them yeah you can fully apply.Tip four, when you go to restroom in public restroom instead of using electric dryer use always use for use paper towel because if it's paper towel it's easy to dry but in then if it's using that electric dryer like this all a lot of air is exposed as the skin and when the skin is what sort the moisture on the under skin is evaporated to the air together with your skin's moisture so you get more dryer and it takes longer time so the more you do like applying the pretty strong air wind here it's it evaporates not just absurd surface of that but so are the water but that inside the skin moisture inside the skin is stripped away together with the air so always use paper towel.Tip five, when you wash dishes or clean bathroom or toilet or something, tip five when you wash dishes or a clean bathtub or something like that when when your hands are exposed to the water because yeah and then tip five when you wash your dishes or bathtub or something you know some kind of detergent edges can be attached to the skin better to wear gloves so that the detergent is not gonna touch the skin and my favorite tip if I can I don't do always but you wear some not a sunscreen but there's some kind of cream on under skin in there wear gloves and then do the work so the what's it's like a pack it's like a mask I am instead of face max this is then it's gonna be like a hand mask so it's it's absorbed more also it's highly recommended to wear hand cream or some kind of dream and they wear gloves and then sleep I don't always do that maybe I should I mean it's so hot still in now I so I cannot do that but maybe it's in winter I will try.The last tip, how to eliminate the blue vein on the fit on the skin instantly you put your hand up and then wait five seconds or three seconds of ten seconds and then it's reduced it really works it's interesting I learned this trick from model my modeling experience and so if sometimes I I don't want to show sometimes I don't want to show things here right so if I can I always when I'm waiting for photo shooting or something and camera moments setting that lighting or something and always put it up every day to try to reduce the vein and then when you yeah when you see it it's reduced try it if you are concerned.Unfortunately this trick does not last for a long time so I have to old it when I'm doing modeling I always look yeah put my hands up some people don't know why I'm doing it so it's kind of weird but whatever so if you have important photo shoot a video shoot or in front you're gonna be in front of people and show hands or something like that right before that you put your hands up.Next video and we're gonna talk about face exercise or face tip as usual and so please stay tuned if your interested in the other exercises check my website Koko [email protected] to free download the yoga paper hook and sugar our oil and face yoga app is coming up I actually may be the way I haven't decided when I'm gonna launch this video but the face of the app is gonna be launched October 6 so please stay tuned with us and the sign up for the wait list in the description below or somewhere. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous KOKO Face Yoga exercises/tips to eliminate/prevent/reduce marionette lines/jowls risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Next Before/After in 5 years | How and where Face Yoga exercises changed my face risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | How to reduce veins", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/7-tips-to-anti-age-your-hands-easily-instant-result-to-reduce-veins-on-the-hands-etc"}
How To Fix Underbite/Protruding Jaw (Chin) Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to fix underbite/protruding jaw (chin) | How to chew, swallow, face posture, etc Hi everyone! Today I'm going to introduce some great tips to fix, look this over right or over what so and over chin if the chin is a little big forward and the teeth at lower teeth is forward I don't know how to say this one this one is going over right right and then this one I don't know over chin or something like that you know what it is right so let's do it.First thing, you should be careful about your body posture because probably if you have this forwarding chin and the forwarding lower teeth symptom, you might be doing like this hunched-over posture and if this happens it's very likely that you might be doing it like this. I guess, so when this happens when you are doing a computer at least it's happening to me too so this is a good reminder for myself as well. Look at this and then you get more up this is your like default setting posture of course you're gonna get more forwarding chin and the teeth as well so first thing please pick up about your body posture so spine straight shoulder down straight, not this, like down and then head is on your butt. Place your head heavy head on your butt yeah not here but put it up up up backward a little bit and put it on your head on your butt. So tuck your chin just a little bit yeah that's point two. Another thing is because you're doing this posture this part, back of the neck is shrink it's like really tense because of this what's the word opposite of stretched this part is stressed but this part is like shriek because of this right so it's better to do some massage and yeah so whatever you have time when you're in waiting for your friends or in restroom or something just do some massage here too to prevent so because if this muscle back of the neck is loose and then you don't feel like you have to do this so it's important to relax this muscle as well.Speaking of massage, in addition to do this you can do massage on here on the chin as well because the chin is supporting and it's very likely that you're you're using overarching muscle here to overwork so it's important to just relax whenever you have time again.Other interesting tip which I learned recently, I didn't know this is what is this this okay it's here, anyway so when you chew eat something and the one chew chew chew chew then you should like this upper teeth is, this is your upper teeth and this is your lower teeth it's not like this like this it's not like this but a little bit upper teeth is forward and the lower teeth is backward when you chew like a chew chew chew chew like this not chew chew chew chew chew more chew chew chew chew make sense? So try to do that consciously because yeah and then and then you will use more of upper teeth instead of lower teeth because you have to chew chew chew chew instead of chew and touching it's not not touching here but won't try to like over it over cover on the lower teeth when you chew. Just imagine, just when you chew it just try to do that.Other very important tip is the tongue posture! As always, so when your face is resting, if that tongue is touching lower chin like this and then sticking out touching not just touching but that if the tip of the tongue is pressing that lower teeth of course the lower teeth is gonna come out and with this you're gonna you're gonna overwork this muscle here instead of up oh my tongue is dropped yeah so always in silver instead of pressing the lower teeth and sitting on the lower chin always up and you guys know if you have followed me a long time you guys I think you know what it is what is a tongue posture if you haven't know check the link in the description, not in the description, I try to, I learned how to do the card here so please check it out.Last tip is again kind of tongue posture but not when you're resting but when you are chewing when you eat something drink something and when you swallow really be careful that this is really on top, the tongue is touched to the palate here up when you swallow instead of putting, pressing the lower teeth out that's the worst one, so when you you can try now I'll just use saliva if you don't have anything to drink or anything to eat I don't have anything to eat anything to drink. My tongue dropped again, okay so if you are tongue is resting on the bottom and pressing the lower teeth when you swallow your saliva or drink or something and then it's it's it's really a lot of pressure is happening so it's gonna get like this which is not good so always pressing the palate up when you swallow saliva, when you swallow, drink when you swallow food.If your interesting in other exercises, please check my website Koko [email protected] to free download the yoga paper and the book in sugar oil and the app is coming soon so check, stay tuned with us and be sure to sign up for the launch in the description here and as always thank you so much for watching. See you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous How to eliminate forehead line and wrinkles above eyebrows by Facial Yoga exercises Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 Next KOKO Face Yoga exercises/tips to eliminate/prevent/reduce marionette lines/jowls risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "How To Fix Underbite/Protruding Jaw (Chin)", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/10/30/how-to-fix-underbiteprotruding-jaw-chin-how-to-chew-swallow-face-posture-etc"}
Yawn Exercise To Make Chin Symmetrical | Koko face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Yawn exercise to make chin symmetrical Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to yawn!When you're sleeping and in the morning or something or even at night how to yawn because there's a really good trick to make our especially chin more symmetrical. Disclaimer my chin is not perfect it's distorted it's not symmetrical because of the surgery but I've been doing this exercise and I feel like yeah it's good too good enough to introduce to you guys so let's do it!The thing about yawning is that when you yawn ohhh….and then you're not really doing anything just doing stretching right? stretching so if your chin is like this side is bent, it bent, this side, you're gonna get this more aaahh, it could be this way and if it's more this way and when you yawn ahhhh… So it's gonna worsen the asymmetrical bent chin, if you if you are just doing it so my idea my suggestion so if my, my chin distorted to this side aahhhh, so when I yawn, I try to do this side, it's hard to explain, so when you yawn try to, try to bend the chin to the side which is not bent, makes sense? So that you use a different muscle when you yawn.Why do we have to do this bend chin thing when we are yawning because when you yawn it's hard to move that's why it's a good stretch it's like a resistance training. So in summary if your chin is bent to this side let's say, right side and then try to yawn try to bend, bend your chin to the left side, if your chin is bent to the right side and the vice-versa, makes sense? That's the first step.Step 2, when you yawn, aah aah aah, like 1 2 3 and 3 times, but do the less bent, we convert, we can side more so that you get more symmetrical face why do we do 3 times because 1 2 3 by repeating, you kind of have to work harder to bend to the side that is not bent. Make sense?Step 3, this is more fun thing, when you're yawning, a lot of muscles are kind of pulling downward which is not good you want to use more up cheek muscle so when you yawn, ohh ohhh ohhhh [Music] so try to move your ahh ahh ahh ahhh… it's hard to do when you're yawning because when you're yawning, there's so much, ahmm how to say it, force, so much power going on, so that's quite a good resistant on training so like a wah wah wah wah wah so like a 1 2 3 4 and then 5 1 is a 1 which is weak which is not bent.Ooh my gosh it's so hard to explain I don't know if you guys understood the point I'm sorry maybe I will try to practice explain more people so that I get I get more experience to explain better but the point is I just would like you to use the weakened side more when you yawn, make sense? I hope so, I don't know so it just just like this one ahhh, my chin is to this side, right? so I should yawn this side, this side more.That is it for today thank you very much for watching! Be sure to check my website to get this free download the yoga paper and the face, my book and sugar oil. Thank you so much! See on the next video. Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 13, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous HOW OLD AM I !!! Koko HayashiMarch 14, 2019 Next 3 Exercises to reduce jowls Koko HayashiMarch 12, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Yawn Exercise To Make Chin Symmetrical | Koko face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/13/yawn-exercise-to-make-chin-symmetrical"}
HOW OLD AM I? | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account HOW OLD AM I !!! Hi guys! Today I'm going to disclose my age. I have disclosed my age in the past at other videos so you guys might know but some people might not know and I just got a big birthday so I'm gonna just say it in this March I turned 40 years old. As a face yoga instructor it's important for you to know that how old I am but I didn't say that till now officially I mean in a big public announcement because I wanted to make a big deal out there for 40. 4 0 is big. So uhmm, I really appreciate for your support so far because I, my YouTube channel recently got 100 K plus, so I really appreciate that that is actually the biggest biggest biggest birthday present for me. I still keep learning new exercises and tips or lots of things for face, related to face yoga so please stay tuned with me. I know some content sometimes really repetitive but I try to keep up catch up with new trend, new exercise and keep learning so please bear with me one of my favorite ways to keep learning new things is that reading your comments so I know that I cannot answer your questions I'm sorry about that but I always check the heart mark which means I read it I personally read every single one and sometimes I learn so many good new things and sometimes you guys ask me to advise me to check other peoples with YouTube or other information and I learned so much, so please keep doing it, I really really really appreciate it. I know I sometimes make mistakes but I make mistakes, we make mistakes too learn, so please bear with me.So let's talk a little bit about my myself my history, so 40 years ago I was born in Japan and lived there long long long time and I worked in other countries a little bit like China, Singapore, I studied English in England a little bit. Internship in India, US, Japan, 6th country in Hong Kong. Studied in Hong Kong a little bit too, so 7 countries I lived in, but yeah so three years ago I moved to states to grow my business Mira Chronicle and this face yoga business and it's been challenging, oh yeah it's really very very challenging as you can, you might be able to tell I don't know but um I keep doing it because I get so encouraged by your comments, you like my videos the view and I'm really really really appreciate it. My recent success with the, I was so fortunate to teach some face yoga exercise that some celebrities in, in for TV show in Holland and which is really coming soon very excited also another big celebrity that I cannot disclose the name, it's coming soon supposed to be so I cannot wait to disclose the name. So how do we get that big opportunity from Hollywood TV producers? YouTube! This is it! So it seems like those producers found me through YouTube but this YouTube wasn't, would not be this noticeable without your support, so you guys made it happen, yeah! it, I cannot make this happen by myself, if you didn't view, if you didn't follow me, subscribe to my channel, if you didn't comment, if this YouTube channel was not this more active, they haven’t found it so, I didn't have that opportunity to teach how they would celebrities so you guys made it happen and I really thank you so much! Arigatou gozaimasu!That is it for today! I just wanted to express my gratitude to you. Thank you so much see in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 14, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 exercises to fix asymmetric chin Koko HayashiMarch 24, 2019 Next Yawn exercise to make chin symmetrical Koko HayashiMarch 13, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "HOW OLD AM I? | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/14/how-old-am-i-"}
Learn how to do Breathing from Eyes and Why | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why you should breathe from eyes and how to do so Hi guys today I'm going to talk about why you should try to breathe in and breathe out from the eye instead of nose, instead of mouth. Breathe in and breathe out from the eye. Why should do that and how to do that?Number one, you can breathe in and breathe out more fully, fuller by doing so, so the thing about you know fascia.I did a video about fascia before so if you're interested check the link in the description below but fascia is a like a layer on the muscle, it's all connected like skin on the muscle in the inside the body in the la you have lungs right and then fascia on the lungs is so connected to pppp pppp pppp pppp and inside the face and it's connected to here, back of the eyeball or behind the eyeball like like here here yeah so because if fascia is so connected to up to here and then if you try to breathe in and breathe out then you activate the fascia here so you can fully more fully breathe in and breathe out which means you get more oxygen you get more nutrients. It improve the blood circulation in the face because before if you breathe in and breathe out only from here it's kind of stopped here but if you do from here to up to here you activate the fascia and the fascia delivers good nutrients and oxygen which is good for all over the face because instead of here it's more here. But for real it's impossible to breathe in and breathe out from the eye right so I'm not saying you should do that for real but I'm just saying imagine that you are breathe in and breathe out inhale and exhale from back of the eyes.Number two, you get more bigger defined look around the eye if you want to have more bigger eyes, define look or more clearer double eyelid or prevent double oh not double, prevent, reduce the symptom of droopy eyes you should definitely do this because it helps because we now breathe in and breathe out from the eye, we activate the fascia, not just fascia of the muscle of the killer so killing muscle right pppp pppp it's all around the two eyeballs and because of that those sleeping muscle are now awake and then you get more bigger defined look.By the way when you breathe in and breathe out it's better to do try to do from the corners corners of the eyes not inner corner but outer corners of the eyes because outer corners always more sleeping and this is more light up because we do this facial expression and attention is happening and yeah so we want to use more sleeping muscle here, this is kind of overworking and this is sleeping so try to breathe in and breathe out from the, ideally the corners of the eyes.Number three, because now we train this up killing muscle you will reduce or prevent Botox wrinkle here because when, when you open your eyes as big as possible or look up or something and we tend to depend on this muscle because this muscle is deteriorated it's weaker so by building more muscle here when you open your eyes you don't have to depend on. You don't have to use this forehead muscle or eyebrow muscle by the way when the eyebrow muscles are moving it's very likely that you're gonna get this muscle too. Like you don't wanna have a like angry eyebrow thing right? When this is moving this is moving too because so close so connected and yeah so if you can if you breathe in and breathe out from the eye especially the corner end of the eyes you activate this more muscle and then when you look up when you look like this open our eyes as big as possible without moving. Can you do that? Try it without moving eyebrows, if you can, that's great if you cannot ,which means your, this muscle is deteriorating, is sleeping, so try to wake up and activate by breathing in and breathing up from the corners of the eyes.So three reasons why you should breathe in and breathing out from the eye and how to do it, how to do it, try to imagine it's not for real so just imagine you're doing it from the end of the eyes, corners of the eyes, behind, like here yeah not here but it's more like here yeah!Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested in more exercises, check my free download my yoga paper on my website face yoga at koko.com and get my book and sugar oil and be sure to check my other social media, Instagram, Facebook, Twitch, Tiktok.Thank you very much see you in the next video! Bye! risk singhMarch 7, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Face Cellulite vaccum | Koko Face Yoga Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019Face Cellulite vaccum Next More cupid’s bow and shorter philtrum Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Learn how to do Breathing from Eyes and Why | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/24/why-you-should-breathe-from-eyes-and-how-to-do-so"}
Lift Up, Outer, Middle, Inner Cheeks - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Lift up, outer, middle, inner cheeks Hi guys! Today I would like to introduce three exercises for cheekbones. Under cheekbone, middle cheekbone and inner cheek bone. By the way, I say cheekbone but it's not the bone, the muscles are on the cheekbone, but it's the same similar idea, you get it right? So, outer middle and cheek, I mean inner.First exercise for outer cheek muscle here. This is the biggest one and it's very very important to lift up this big one so that the middle one and inner one works more better too. Let me show you… oohhh, you show the eight teeth, and then feel the cheek bone that I can touch the lower lip inside, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and keep this pause, cannot speak, keep this pause for 10 seconds or even longer if you can and this is really good, easier exercise because ahmmm… I mean not just this but most of the exercise can be there when you're driving or when you're working a computer or something like that. So highly recommended to wake up this bigger cheek muscle.This is a bad example ooooooor… it's a little bit up but not as big as, so because my teeth were not showing and do your stretching here, I don't want to stretch this too much coz the filter on becomes longer with age. So only try to show of part this ideally at least eight or could be 10 or could be 12. If you are Julia Roberts or some kind of beautiful people you might have more wider are teeth.Do it again. When you do it by yourself, you don't have to say oh ah. I'm just exaggerating by saying oh ah, ka ka ka ka ka…. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. If you cannot show that last 1 2 3 4, 4th one, 1 2 3 4, 4th one. Use your, instead of doing this even though this is cute even in the, use you finger this in front a little bit up, yeah. You can try to show even the gum, even the pink gum area. It's so important to try to show that corners of the teeth. Next one is for middle area this middle part cheek. So let's do it. So first, smile, the show your upper teeth, do not show your lower teeth again and then cut the tongue… You don’t have to touch it, if you want to touch it, you can. As long as you feel like here’s is being trained? It's okay, and this is a bad example.Again it’s like a sagging here and I'm not showing the upper teeth. So that's not that's not a good example. Try to show the upper teeth, even though you're talking and it's kind of hard but try to show the corner of the teeth. Yeah, again if it's hard for you to do, you can use your finger to support the left corners of the mouth should be a little bit up. so… hooo, tired….Okay, so the last one is for here, the inner cheek bone from this is so important to lift up because if especially if you're concerned about like a hollowness, hollow under the eye with HB lose fat in the face. I wish that was opposite, but we lose fat in the face and gain more effect on the body area. I don't know why I wish it were opposite. Anyway, I cannot complain that, so if you have more fat here in the lift of the skin here, you gonna feel the hollow here, right? So this is really my favorite exercise.I called this beaver face, so I actually don't know why beaver really is I don't remember what it was looking like but somebody said beaver face and I thought it was like that, like a dish so slowly first, like a sprinkles face and then… and then you should feel here. Do you feel it? This is a little bit advanced version. So if you cannot do it, that's totally fine, just practice it and you'll be able to do it. If it's so hard, do the first one, that waah ka ka ka, this outer cheek and the middle one, this one first and the last one inner cheek, the last one inner cheek is so difficult, so keep practicing it and it's very normal that some muscles are still sleeping. So we are slowly waking up. But because some muscle really sleepy so it's hard to wake up. That's why we have to keep practicing.So 3 exercise, outer one, oh kakakakaka and the middle cheek area, is this one… and then last inner cheek is ahh, this one…Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested in more exercises, be sure to download the free download from my website, this paper. Face yoga with koko.com and if you're interested in private lesson online or in person, check the website too, also be sure to check my Instagram, Facebook Tiktok at Koko Hayashi. Thank you so much! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 face yoga exercises for donald trump Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Next Face Cellulite vaccum | Koko Face Yoga Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019Face Cellulite vaccum Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lift Up, Outer, Middle, Inner Cheeks - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/19/lift-up-outer-middle-inner-cheeks"}
Face Cellulite vaccum — Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Posts tagged Face Cellulite vaccum Face Cellulite vaccum | Koko Face Yoga Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to reduce fat in the face actually this video it's not really for me because I want to have more fat in the face I've gained weight because of that actually on purpose but anyway there are people who want to lose fat from the face so this is for you if you want to lose fat and if you want to gain more fat in the face this exercise. Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019Face Cellulite vaccum Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Cellulite vaccum — Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/tag/Face+Cellulite+vaccum"}
3 Exercises To Fix Asymmetric Chin - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 exercises to fix asymmetric chin Hi guys today I'm going to introduce three exercise and tips to make our chin more symmetrical. The reason why I wanted to do this video is that recently I just did the old face and so my face and I thought oh my gosh um the bent chin is a little bit better than before like this. Don't you think it's a little bit better than before it's still ugly looking I know because of the surgery failure but still it's big difference to me and then I was thinking okay so what have I done what have I been doing to make this happen, so I'm gonna summarize three things that I've been doing to make this more symmetrical.Number one, use non-dominant hand as much as possible, by using dominant hand because it's dominant it's easy to use and keep using the body on this side more and more and then you get a symmetrical body face body. I mean face and body are so connected so if you have a symmetrical body of course you're gonna get a symmetrical face which I have known for a long time but I wasn't really doing much even though I was telling myself and then, but recently maybe like since half a year ago or something I started became very serious about it then instead of using my left hand for getting more putting back or carry something or whatever yeah I shouldn't try to do like a brush teeth in with left hand or those more technical more and more challenging things later but maybe like three months ago or something I said started using more left hand for as many as possible and that's a change that I was doing.I truly believe that, that contributed to fixing that asymmetrical chin because body and face is so corrected you have a spine right ppppppppp, spine! me spine but Papa Papa Papa Papa PPP then neck and the skull and come here and then you got the face so if you have a symmetrical bent spine you get a symmetrical bent neck then it's symmetrical everything is metrical Scala a symmetrical forehead and everything that is metrical.So you might be thinking to fix a symmetrical face you might be just doing something for the face but that's not that's not good I truly believe a symmetrical body posture really matters for face I'm not saying that you should go to like expensive chiropractor fractional or a Pilates or something and to try to fix that's great if you can do but my case I just simply try to use non-dominant hand as much as possible that's it.Number two, relax your chin this is so important for me because I learned one of my room for improvements is I have tension in the chin all the time in it it's gotta be go away because I have a Symmetrical chin I know that and if I have more tension here that worsens that is metrical position because I have tension here that's why I had to really get rid of the tension and what I did is that I put, I did set lots of exercises as well check the link in the description below like this one yeah and also I put lots of mirrors all over my desk or something and even my my phone, I Apple watch has a mirror I don't know if you can see but mirror filter so that I can check my chin all the time and my phone has this one I recently got this this thing mirror on the other cover so that I can check my face all the time but I'm not really checking my face, I'm checking my chin all the time to make sure that I'm not having tension that's so important and every time I feel like I have tension I checked my face oh I have tension and then do like this, relax relax.Recently I don't have to do this because I kind of learned how to relax chin but at the beginning I was doing this a lot to relax the chin every time I find my, I noticed that I'm have tension in here. So my advice if you have a bent chin it's very likely that you have a tension, you have a habit to cause tension all the time in the in the chin area, so it's very very very important to relax those tension by being aware of it and put you some mirrors everywhere you can find and then yes try to be not to cause tension in the chin and if you happen just do this or do this exercise and relax your chin. Number 3, yawn exercise, this one I've been doing passed what like 2 or 3 months a couple of months on a daily basis because you yawn, I do, I don't know about you but I yawn a lot because I'm sleepy or something and every time I yawn, oh I try to like move a lot and then because yeah, oh it's chin this side right so I try to move to this side more. So if you want to know more about the exercise, check the link description, check the link in the description below.So those three things are the one, are the things that are I think contributed to fixing correction of my bent chin. Use non-dominant hand as much as possible and yawn exercise and relax your chin. Thank you very much for watching, be sure to check our website face yoga with Koko.com to get this yoga pulled paper in my sugar oil and anti-aging book. Thank you so much! See in the next video, Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 24, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 Exercises for slimming nose Koko HayashiMarch 26, 2019 Next HOW OLD AM I !!! Koko HayashiMarch 14, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Exercises To Fix Asymmetric Chin - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/24/3-exercises-to-fix-asymmetric-chin"}
Face Cellulite vacuum | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Face Cellulite vaccum | Koko Face Yoga Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to reduce fat in the face. Actually this video is not really for me because I want to have more fat in the face, I've gained weight because of that actually on purpose but anyway there are people who want to lose fat from the face so this is for you if you want to lose fat and if you want to gain more fat in the face this exercise, today's exercise is not really for you to be honest you can try it I'm gonna I'm gonna do for demonstration purpose but personally I don't do this because I want to gain more fat. Fat is a free filler and it's a beautiful youthful use evidence of you so it's really precious and I want to have more but anyway let's do it. I'm sure there are people who want to lose fat from the face.But before going to the exercise, did you know that face develops cellulite. Do you have some cellulite? I have some cellulite in the body too. I do go to gym on the day, on the regular basis but I still have some develop some cellulite and it's so hard to get rid of it once you have it and the happens the face based once you have the cellulite in the face it's a bad fat right? You don't want to have it and then it's hard to get rid of it get rid of it but this exercise it's a really good way to prevent before from happening also even after I have, it's happening, it's there it's it's helpful, it's useful to effective to reduce the size of the cellulite, so let's do it!First let me show you how…Easy, so just vacuum all the fat from the, this face… like this… as much as possible then… 10 seconds. whooo! I'm tired already, um, so there this is a bad example I actually cannot do this bad example but I've seen some people do this so when you do it, the line should be a little bit like up not down and I cannot do this better example on purpose but this line should be a little bit up because I don't want you to pull anything from downward so make sure you do in front of mirror and make sure that the this line mm-hmm it's a little bit up! Yeah just a little bit up not down if you are if the line is a little bit down which means that you might be chewing more lower part instead of a upper yeah so make sure that the line it's just a little bit up.But this exercise is too easy for you so I'm gonna do a little bit more advanced version of this exercise. Let's call it, let's call this exercise, cellulite vacuum, so this let's do that additional advanced version of cellulite vacuum is.So what I'm doing it the first do the cellulite vacuum face and then slowly move to the side and slowly move to the side both each 10 seconds keep it and then when you do it try to. do not change the put the vacuum position but just keep it and then move and keep it then keep it keeping here and move, it's hard, try it. So when I move to this side, this side, it's easy to eat the meat here but it's not easy to eat. keep eating the meat here that's the challenge.So you have to, even if the you are it's easy to eat here, keep chewing and vacuuming the cellulite here both at the same time even though it's moving to this side in the same thing it's moving to this side and both you keep vacuuming the cellulite.Let's do it again so first, vacuum… [Music] then again vacuum vacuum [Music] then slowly move right side, left side, right side, left side… [Music] Repeat this sorry repeat this three to five times but the key is to do slowly and keep vacuuming when the mouth is moving.Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested more exercises be sure to get this free download, the yoga paper on my website face yoga with koko.com and my sugar oil and book less is more Japanese anti-aging and see you in the next video. Thank you so much! Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019Face Cellulite vaccum Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Lift up, outer, middle, inner cheeks Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Next Why you should breathe from eyes and how to do so risk singhMarch 7, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Cellulite vacuum  | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/24/face-cellulite-vaccum"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! More cupid’s bow and shorter philtrum I m going to introduce new exercise to develop more Cupid's ball this exercise is a very new from me and it's one of them actually could be the most hardest hardest mom it's very very difficult I start started learning about this like yesterday I guess then I've been trying but it's very very difficult so let me show you how so actually this is not my my my face my lips because Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Tighten upper neck skin hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent double chin it's more like a little bit upper how to say what's the world English word for this area like a chin but no here but more like here this hidden area more like the upper neck kind of thing so let's do it this is a new exercise let me show you how then keep this on I don't know if you guys could see what I'm doing but look up unless you have neck pain look up and stretch your neck as much as possible my original one is sticking out your tongue right this time Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Lifting up with Koko Hayashi Today we're going to do a lifting up with Coco high FISA and today's guest is worth. ItIs my friend. So Ruth she's really a beautiful and attractive and young beautiful lady but we did justJust now. We did. What was that like Instagram. Like stream and ask around people. You guys what. She should walk on. What part what base areas. And it wasn't like a low effort. Yes. Yeah. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 3 tips to make eyes more symmetrical | How to correct asymmetrical eyes with 3 tips Hi guys. Today I'm going to introduce three tips to make our eyes more symmetrical. I Have done multiple videos too like space yoga exercise to make our eyes most metric. Also I feel interested in check the link in the description below. But today's one is not like exercise exercises but more like tips. The first tip is. Eye pet. Eye pet. I think it's called eye patch on you can just easily get it on Amazon or something. This is for kids and doesn't have to be for kids. But I thought this is cuter. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Today I'm going to talk about the asymmetrical face how to fix asymmetrical face.I've done lots of video about how to fix asymmetric offers in the past but I was just reading some Japanese book and there was some interesting information that I learned from this book. And yes so I'd like to introduce the cut some kind of a theory about asymmetrical face and how to fix those problems.So this book says that if my you check your eyes and I think my this is high ah this writes like this right. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face Why you should always just a little bit Tuck career chin. Hi guys. Today I'm going to introduce three reasons why you should always just a little bit Tuck career chin. InBecause of long hours in front of computer or something and you might be always doing working like this and the hassle over fate of a body and then chin chin is like out. And then like this. Including me. So. But this is really bad because of three bad side effects for the face. Number one when the neck is like this. So you see that my chin and the tube but the neck is like shrink here right. Now. And then this part is just hanging. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 How to fix asymmetrical face. | Koko Face Yoga Today I'm going to talk about the asymmetrical face how to fix asymmetrical face.I've done lots of video about how to fix asymmetric offers in the past but I was just reading some Japanese book and there was some interesting information that I learned from this book. And yes so I'd like to introduce the cut some kind of a theory about asymmetrical face and how to fix those problems. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 12, 2019how to fix asymmetrical face Newer Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1551984755036"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! How to fix asymmetrical face that is tilting to a side. Chin is tilting, one shoulder is up, etc hi everyone today I'm going to work on asymmetrical asymmetrical face like this even if you just say asymmetrical face there are so many patterns so this is just one of them and I'm I want to do more in the coming episodes but for now I mean for today I just had the hair color and a hair change a little bit and it's in the process of gray ombre so I don't like this so much yet but in Read More risk singhJanuary 22, 2020 Reduce/prevent fine tiny lines at the inner corners of the eyes by reprogramming squinting muscles hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent this tiny fine lines on the inner corners of the eye this is a new exercise for me and I'm still experimenting so I really hope it works but I haven't still done like a year or so but I hope it works and I'm so excited I am very confident about it so I wanted to introduce it first of all why do we get this tiny line because Read More risk singhJanuary 21, 2020 Reduce/prevent lines above upper lip | Stop bad habits, buccal mouth massage and face shiatsu hi everyone today I'm going to talk about some exercises and tips to prevent or reduce this small lines above the applet first of all why do we get this line and it increases well more with age because I mean this muscle maybe because you're doing some bad facial expression for example could be I mean of the fish-like you have a tension here when your face Read More risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 What is eyebrow fascia and brow pinching? | Release fascia from muscles for symmetrical brows, etc hi everyone today I'm going to talk about fashion on eyebrow area fascia is a very very thin layer between muscle and skin and that must the faster layer becomes very tense and hard when muscle become hard and then what happens is the fascia is supposed to distribute good nutrients and oxygen to the skin but it because it's so so hard in so step it does not work so Read More risk singhJanuary 16, 2020 What are muscle knots in eyebrows? | How to find/break down them for symmetrical brows, brow lift hi everyone today I'm going to talk about muscle nuts in the eyebrow area in Japan we call it Cody it happens especially special on that I am NOT eyebrow bata here there's a big rock muscle rock which is called quarry or in English mass or not it's happening here right and actually that same thing the same tiny tiny muscle rock happening on eyebrow area the reason Read More risk singhJanuary 4, 2020 How to make hollow cheeks fuller & rejuvenate the skin from inside out naturally hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to make hollow cheeks a little bit more flare and skin rejuvenation for a long long long time since I started teaching face yoga or since started doing face yoga to myself I didn't know how to do it I didn't know how to make face flower I mean the cheeks fuller because flat cheeks make you look younger and with age, some people including me have more hollow cheeks and makes you all look older which I did really hate it. Read More risk singhDecember 29, 2019 how to fix angry eyebrow for symmetrical eyebrows | Make eyebrows more symmetrical hi everyone today's video is going to be how to in previous one I did how to lift up eyebrow so today this one is going to be how to bring it down lift it down is there such a word I don't know but bring the eyebrow just a little bit down so that we become we have more symmetrical eyebrows this exercise is great for angry eyebrows so what is angry eyebrow is like really like a witch and ppppp meeting suddenly up and down and this happens often if you have Botox in I'm wrong the wrong sp Read More risk singhDecember 29, 2019 How to lift up saggy eyebrows | Lift up eyebrow to make brows more symmetrical hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to lift up your saggy eyebrow there are some exercises you can do to lift up brows but this is more like a new one is kind of more chiropractic exercise or practice so let's try it first of all why eyebrow sacks sags I'm not just I bro everything's kind of start sagging with the gravity and age, not just eyebrow but eyebrow happens too Read More risk singhDecember 21, 2019 My review to face yoga exercises by Nivea! | Don't follow tutorials that don't make sense hi everyone today I'm going to react to new bear's face yoga video I happen to find this video and I thought it's interesting to talk about it so let's do it for easy face yoga exercises for you okay and she's making various cute facial expression which is cool what wait that facial exercises increase blood circulation more offices on reduced reaches thyself yes but that Read More risk singhDecember 15, 2019 5 tips to achieve correct tongue posture hi everyone today I am in a different location in San Diego and it's so freezing and cold because it was raining so hard from the morning that's why I'm wearing the hat and everything and my mind as you as long as you can see my face we can do two tutorials right so le Read More risk singhDecember 13, 2019 Warning about lower eyelid lift up exercise hi everyone today is gonna be very quick warning about one of the exercises because I heard some comment from YouTube followers in the comment section or if my client said something's a little bit similar and wanted to announce something when you do lower eyelid lift up exercise do not squint too hard you don't need to have a big move pppp pppp big movement it s Read More risk singhDecember 8, 2019 How to treat dominant eye for making asymmetrical eyes more symmetrical | Muscles knots, fascia, etc 10% and 90% or something like that muscle not is kind of like blocking the blood circulation fashio on the eyebrow area oh my gosh it's a big difference hi everyone today I'm going to introduce how to treat your dominant eye so before we do that if you have not watched my previous video about how to identify how to find out which one is domin Read More risk singhDecember 7, 2019 How to find which eye is your dominant or non-dominant | Why you should know for symmetrical eyes close the right eye and then the object disappear in my case if that's the case because I'm looking at the left side so left eye is non-dominant hi everyone today I'm going to introduce how to identify which eye is your dominant eye and which one is not like our hand we have a dominant eye and non Read More risk singhDecember 2, 2019 Create almond shaped eyes | Face shiatsu to break down knots, aegyo sal exercise, etc muscle not is happening oh yeah I found it I found it like a dick that that this is a muscle not here hi everyone today I'm going to talk about almond shaped eyes this was recommended by our viewers so I wanted to know what it is first of all cuz I didn't know according to online Read More risk singhNovember 29, 2019 Things you can do from non-dominant side, for fixing asymmetrical body and face so instead I should do this left side and then right side eyesight and become very like clear eye sizes more symmetrical hi everyone today I'm going to introduce ten things that you can start doing from non-dominant side in my previous video I talked about 12 things that you can do with non-dominant hand to make our body more symmetrical and face most metrical as Read More risk singhNovember 17, 2019 12 ideas to train your non-dominant hand to make your body and face more symmetrical use your non-dominant side open drawer open the faucet or like it like this screw ya to get water dry your hair time today I'm going to introduce 12 things you can use your non-dominant hand with but first of all why do we need to do we want to use non-dominant hand the reason why is that we have an asymmetrical body in a symmetrical face because of lots of use Read More risk singhNovember 17, 2019 How to create cat eyes | Lift up the outer corners of the eyes by face yoga exercises hi everyone today I'm going to introduce a great exercise to create cat eyes there are three points that you should always try to lift up corners of the eye which is the cat eye and cheek bone and corners of the mouth one two three should be always up and then you automatically naturally look younger fresher and constant I'm now saying you dog I it's bad and dog is cute Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 12 bad habits to cause asymmetrical face Furniture position tomorrow this side crossing Lex your one food has more weight hi everyone today I'm going to introduce 12 bad habits to contribute to a symmetrical face in the past I did a video about 7 bad habits because a symmetrical face that was very successful so I wanted to update I wanted add more new bad habits that you should not Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 How to check how asymmetrical your face/body is & how to fix good luck paw scissors scissors it's like this is or like these yeah be aware of the good posture good balance when you stand or when you walk as well hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to find the fundamental calls know what's the word how to check your fundamental calls of a symmetrical face so I believe fundamental cause of a symmetrical face is Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 How to drink without causing tension (wrinkles) in the chin just keep tiny smile and try to use more upper lip instead of lower lip and then when you swallow keep the smile smiling position so that you can really feel that's sucking back of the time is sucking up today I'm going to talk about how to drink something without causing tension in the chin about chain tension some people might not have it some people might have it I have it s Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1573669697353&reversePaginate=true"}
Face Yoga Before & After | Face Yoga Result Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Before/After Before & After Koko has kept the same weight. Face Yoga result only in 1 year Bell’s palsy before and after Face Yoga difference only in a couple months Face Yoga difference only in a couple months Face Yoga difference only in a couple months Clinical study by Northwestern University Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Face Yoga Before & After | Face Yoga Result", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/beforeafter/"}
Tighten Upper Neck Skin - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Tighten upper neck skin Hi guys, today I'm going to talk about how to reduce or prevent double chin. It's more like a little bit upper, how to say what's the word, English word for this area like a chin but not here but more like here, this hidden area more like the upper neck kind of thing so let's do it .This is a new exercise, let me show you how… Then keep this… I don't know if you guys could see what I'm doing but look up, unless you have neck pain look up and stretch your neck as much as possible my original one is a sticking out your tongue, right? This time, I would like you to do like a this Pringles, Pringles lips and then… [Music] When you do it you don't have to scream though I'm just exaggerating the motion movement but you do that Pringles lip and then look up I mean look up and then Pringles and then use tricks you should feel like here is very very big stretch when you, when you do it, try it, so look up then I feel here a lot so if you stick on your tongue, more like a bigger area yeah but straight up the Pringles one I feel more here so this is really great for reducing, preventing double chin if you want to have more sharper area here. And then of course you can do 45 degree, 45 degree so let's do it! Then, the other side [Music] whoo… it's tiring. Warning, when you do a look up because you look up you might be closing a little bit wrinkled here but I want to relax here so if that happens close your eyes so that you don't have to look anything when you look something it's automatically you may be causing wrinkle here because you're using this muscle but if you close your eyes I don't think you will cause wrinkle here so try it. If you have a habit to cause wrinkled forehead or move lift up the eyebrow this is not good so when you look up, close your eyes and stretch your neck and then… [Music] then 10 seconds, then like this in each one, two, three, ten seconds each.Another warning is that when you do it I don't want to do like this shoulders should be down relax here and instead of like this, if like you do like this you're not really stretching because you I want to stretch this is down and this is up right so this is like this stretch and if it's like this it's not really efficient it's it's not effective.Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested in more exercises please come to my website face yoga with koko.com and get the yoga paper free download and my book in sugar oil and other products there too. Be sure to check my other social media, Instagram Facebook, Twitch, what else there's another one, the Tik-tok yeah!Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous More cupid’s bow and shorter philtrum Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Next Lifting up with Koko Hayashi Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Tighten Upper Neck Skin - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/6/tighten-upper-neck-skin"}
More Cupid’s Bow And Shorter Philtrum Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account More cupid’s bow and shorter philtrum Hi guys! Today I’m going to introduce new exercise to develop more Cupid's ball. This exercise is a very new from me and it's one of the, actually could be the most hardest hardest mom it's very very difficult. I start started learning about this like yesterday I guess, then I've been trying but it's very very difficult so let me show you how. So actually this is not my my my face, my lips because I cannot I have not mastered it yet so I just I'm showing my master's video but it's not me I'm sorry because I haven't mastered yet but I would try, so the point is that I'm this one oh my gosh is so hard but anyway bear with me.Basically you do that this Pringles face on your lips, this one without moving lower lip that's what she's doing it which is kind of impossible I didn't know that it's possible but she's doing it so in human humanically, it's possible because she's doing it right? oh… that's so hard let's try so first relax yeah and then try to make the cupid ball only by moving, moving upper lip, no eyelid, upper lip, without moving lower lip. Oh my gosh it's so hard… [Music] [Music] Like this… Honestly it's so hard, so let's do again, so first relax and then in order to prevent moving that chin or lower lip or this muscle here, upper muscle here move a user finger to kind of freeze it and then make the cupid ball, use your finger to support the shape, slowly… So is it good? I don't know, I'm gonna check this mirror because the computer mirror is like reversed right side and left sides it's in reverse it's so hard.Relax the muscle, lower chin muscle especially, then open your mouth a little bit then cupid ball, use your finger then and try to keep it. Relaxed a lower lip, relax relax it chin too - look at this - [Music] so different.I'd like to introduce some bad example of this exercise so if you do like this… I'm using a more muscle here this is another X different exercise to lift up here but if you're not training here so that's different that's totally different and another bad example which happens to me because I have better habit but tension in the chin and a lot of tension here that's not good yeah.So try to relax the chin relax the lower lip relax the upper muscle here and then use only this muscle which is so hard but if she can do it, I can do it too right.I'm gonna definitely practice more and I will update you guys because you want to have defined Cupid Cupid's bow that's one of the things, factors to make you look more fresher and younger with age skin gets stretched and then this cue people Cupid's bow disappear and this philtrum becomes longer too so actually if you have more defined Cupid's bow the philtrum looks shorter it with each philtrum looks longer face become longer and you look older yeah so becoming keeping the philtrum short keeping it short and having more defined Cupid's bow is very important to make you look younger! I definitely want to have more shorter philtrum so I'm gonna definitely keep practicing and keep you guys updated so let me know if you can do it!thank you very much for watching! If you are insterested in some more exercises, check my website face yoga with Koko.com to get free download yoga paper and my and sugar oil and other products are listed at the face yoga with koko.com. Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why you should breathe from eyes and how to do so risk singhMarch 7, 2019 Next Tighten upper neck skin Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "More Cupid’s Bow And Shorter Philtrum", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/3/6/more-cupids-bow-and-shorter-philtrum"}
3 Tips To Make Eyes More Symmetrical | Koko Yoga Face Exercise Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account 3 tips to make eyes more symmetrical | How to correct asymmetrical eyes with 3 tips Hi guys! Today I'm going to introduce three tips to make our eyes more symmetrical. I have done multiple videos to, like face yoga exercise to make our eyes more symmetrical. So if you feel interested in check the link in the description below. But today's one is not like exercise exercises but more like tips. The first tip is eye patch. Eye patch ! I think it's called eye patch on you can just easily get it on Amazon or something. This is for kids and doesn't have to be for kids. But I thought this is cuter. There are many reasons why our eyes are so not symmetrical but one of the major reason for asymmetrical eye is that we have dominant hand, I mean dominant eye and non dominant hand, not dominant eye. Yeah. So my case, I'm right handed and right eye is dominant and left hand, left eye is non dominant. If you want to know which eye is dominant eye or non dominant eye there's a technique to find out. So check the link in the description below. But anyway I was reading a book in the Japanese book told me that a lot of people are right handed and if so right eye is more dominant. Of course it depends on the person. But assuming your eye is same as mine and the right eye is more dominant when the dominant eye works harder because it's dominant. And then so the eye get fatigue, so tired and the muscle become very tense, tension then become kind of a shrink then becomes smaller than this one, so for the past two days I've been trying some kids eye patch and I just started. This is a long shot. It's not gonna be in some fix but. I like you guys, I would like to update you guys. So this is an eye patch and what I was doing is that the way you do it is a it's like this. And then if you're just straightly flat make it flat and attach it. There's an eyelash. So even though it's not much I still have eyelash. So the eyelash touches do this part in a kind of painful a little a bit or uncomfortable. It's not painful but it's a little bit uncomfortable. So my suggestion if you try this trick, just a little bit lightly touch and then make it round so that it doesn't like this it doesn't touch the eye area. So when you blink. It should, an eyelash should not be touching this, you see there's a airing inside it. I mean there's a gap so you shouldn't do flat make you flat just a little bit more like a bee…. Like, out so that eyelash doesn't touch. And then I, I was working on a computer doing something a few hours yesterday and I did today too. So after at least one hour you try this and take it off. Then eye sight is a big difference on my guess. Can you hear this, it’s raining so hard. I don't know how long it's continue. I don't. I hope it bothers. It doesn't. It's not bothering the sound quality of this video. But anyway I have to go on. So again this is not instant result even though you get instantly a better eyesight after you take it off. But it's still temporary effect because yeah I have only tried two days so I'm gonna try on a daily basis and let you guys know maybe you guys can tell the difference. Hopefully. Number two. When you use your phone. Use non dominant hand, in my case it's left hand is non dominant so use none left hand. The reason why we should do this is that because we tend to use more dominant hand. Right. Right hand. In and then. Because it's the right hand.it's it's the phone is position to the right side a little bit and then you use the right eye dominant eye more than non dominant eye and if it's a big computer or something it's it's less damaging little less asymmetrical but because we tend we have to concentrate the eyesight to this small screen. I have to work, eyes have to work harder and it's more damaging. So when you use your phone use a left hand if you are right handed. Yeah. Anyway I use a non dominant hand so that it's naturally just a little bit to the non dominant side and use a little bit this non dominant eye, so that was thought in the book that I was reading in Japan, I mean in Japanese book.Number three, last tip. I keep telling this, so you guys might know this, but wink! Wink the both eyes equally, if you can’t wink the both eyes equally, the same eyes, same size, and then very likely that you have beautiful symmetrical eyes. If you can do both eye equally, which means you have the same kind of muscles, muscle work on the equal size so of course you gonna get symmetrical face, I mean symmetrical eyes, not face but symmetrical eyes.To me this is harder, and this is harder, I don’t remember which one, this is easier, and this is hard, no this is easier and this is harder. So I tried to practice the harder one when I have time, or try to watch TV or working on computer or just, not driving, but when I’m on uber, just sitting and then I try.So there are three tips, again, eye patch, and the use your phone with non dominant hand and also wink. Thank you very much for watching! I recently updated my face yoga paper, so if you are interested, it’s a free download at face yoga with koko.com and also if you are interested in my private session online or in person, check my website too and be sure to subscribe to my Instagram, Facebook, Tiktok at Koko Hayashi! Thank you so much! See you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Lifting up with Koko Hayashi Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Next Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Tips To Make Eyes More Symmetrical | Koko Yoga Face Exercise", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/19/3-tips-to-make-eyes-more-symmetrical-how-to-correct-asymmetrical-eyes-with-3-tips"}
Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face — Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Posts tagged Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Today I'm going to talk about the asymmetrical face how to fix asymmetrical face.I've done lots of video about how to fix asymmetric offers in the past but I was just reading some Japanese book and there was some interesting information that I learned from this book. And yes so I'd like to introduce the cut some kind of a theory about asymmetrical face and how to fix those problems.So this book says that if my you check your eyes and I think my this is high ah this writes like this right. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical  face — Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/tag/Asymmetrical+body+causes+Asymmetrical++face"}
how to fix asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account How to fix asymmetrical face. | Koko Face Yoga Today I'm going to talk about the asymmetrical face how to fix asymmetrical face.I've done lots of video about how to fix asymmetric offers in the past but I was just reading some Japanese book and there was some interesting information that I learned from this book. And yes so I'd like to introduce the cut some kind of a theory about asymmetrical face and how to fix those problems.So this book says that if my you check your eyes and I think my this is high ah this writes like this right. And if that's the case if this i it's higher very likely that your shoulder this shoulder is higher to where do you think.I don't know. I feel like this is higher but I know this book says that in general if your eyes. This side at higher. You are this shoulder is higher too. And of course if this is higher this is higher too. So it's like this like this. Like this because this eye's high and shoulders high check your face in the mirror. But do use a big mirror so that you can see your face and shoulder both and just relax your body first and thenJust drop it like this and then check your face. If if the theory is true. And there is another interesting thing in this book so check your corners of the mouthFirst. Relax and then just not do not try to lift up your corners but just relax and then slowly close your mouth. Which is higherMy case. This is high a little bit right.If so you are. Is it. I don't know. YeahI think this is a little bit higher right. If that's the case this. App I mean the obliqueIs. I have to. Jump because maybe I can show this change. So if so the link here. Here. Is shorter. ThanThis side. According to the book. So again if this I I want out of the mouth is a little higher like this. And thenThis is like this. So anyway the point is that the body and the face OK so connected and especially eye area and shoulder are so connected and also mouth area lower face and pelvis are so connectedThere are multiple factors to contribute to a symmetrical face in terms of face postural facial expression habit by body posture body habit movement habit model. So much to patient asymmetrical face as well so it's important to fix body body posture if you want to have more symmetrical face.So let's work on fast. I hate not eyesight but eye height height of the eyes. So my guess is this is a bit higher and this is lower right.So a shoulder is like like this. Yeah. So it's like this like maybe it is.I didn't I couldn't tell.What do you think. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe that's right. I think this is a little bit higher don't you think. I'm just relaxing just like this. Yeah. I don't know. It's almost same to me but. Could be. This is a little odd a little bit higher according.Same as this theory. So yeah. So I know that to fix the height of the eye fast you need to fix about theShoulder height. Right. So you know that to do that.My suggestion. Exercise.Because if the muscles are so stiff you you tend to keep this bad posture like this in the working computer out driving when you're nervous or something and keep it in a worsens so every time you go to the restroom or something and just by yourself and just relax like this then maybe exercise to be good knit and shoulder connected.Also I be careful about the back. So when you have a like a very very heavy bag you might be using this side a lot and then this becomes tense. That shoulder becomes a tense because you're always using like this or you're always like this or so it's better to use the both shoulder as much as possible.Also hands over this this body posture is about to because when mute when you do it. Maybe I'm doing like. Like this. So this is a higher. And then I'll hand it over right. So this really worsens the muscle traits more muscle tension and this becomes the worse and worse and worse and it's harder to fix.Next one is the height of that mouth. So my guess I think this is a little bit higher and this is lower right. Like this.So my pelvis is this but not this side this side is high too. According to the theory. I'm gonna check that in front of big mirror. I don't have it right now so I don't know yet but yeah it might be true. Yeah. You might be trueIf you're corners of the eye the mouth is a little bit high like this. And then very likely that this corner is high to pelvis is tilted to this more higherSo that can be coming from various body posture have it for example when you sit down you cross legs and you do the same side. More way more than the other side. So if you have to cross your legs do the right alternate right side left side right side left side.Every 10 minutes I ride 30 minutes or something like that and tried to use the both side.Also my suggestion I learned this from my um my friend's doctor he told me that I tend to I have a tendency to just stand like this. So it's like this. So I'm using this side the more smooth. I'm using this side the more than this side. So this leg has lots and lots of tension which is not good. So you said to each side of the standing like this. Use your two two legs equally so that. Yeah. We get the same tension on the same legs. Interesting way to take your attention is you check your shoes. So this is my shoes. And then this is Maddie because I was wearing it in the rain the other day but if I carefully see that gum not gum the love. What's love about. The band. The. Soft. Part. Is this is more or less this which means I'm I'm using this side more than this.Let me know if this theory applies to you. I would love to know because I haven't really carefully checked it because I don't have a big mirror yet so I will let you guys know. Anyway thank you very much for watching. If you're just in more Japanese and beauty health tips visit face yoga. I'll talk with interest in my practice session. Check the Web site too. And also my Instagram Facebook app Coco Ohio. Since yesterday. I said tick tock. So we'll see how long I can I can continue. But we'll see because everyone is doing it so I thought I'd like to try. I think it's I call them it's face yoga with couple. Flops being the next to get out by. Koko HayashiFebruary 12, 2019how to fix asymmetrical face Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Why you should always just a little bit Tuck career chin. Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "how to fix asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/12/how-to-fix-asymmetrical-face"}
Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Today I'm going to talk about the asymmetrical face how to fix asymmetrical face.I've done lots of video about how to fix asymmetric offers in the past but I was just reading some Japanese book and there was some interesting information that I learned from this book. And yes so I'd like to introduce the cut some kind of a theory about asymmetrical face and how to fix those problems.So this book says that if my you check your eyes and I think my this is high ah this writes like this right. And if that's the case if this i it's higher very likely that your shoulder this shoulder is higher to where do you think.I don't know. I feel like this is higher but I know this book says that in general if your eyes. This side at higher. You are this shoulder is higher too. And of course if this is higher this is higher too. So it's like this like this. Like this because this eye's high and shoulders high check your face in the mirror. But do use a big mirror so that you can see your face and shoulder both and just relax your body first and thenJust drop it like this and then check your face. If if the theory is true. And there is another interesting thing in this book so check your corners of the mouthFirst. Relax and then just not do not try to lift up your corners but just relax and then slowly close your mouth. Which is higherMy case. This is high a little bit right.If so you are. Is it. I don't know. YeahI think this is a little bit higher right. If that's the case this. App I mean the obliqueIs. I have to. Jump because maybe I can show this change. So if so the link here. Here. Is shorter. ThanThis side. According to the book. So again if this I I want out of the mouth is a little higher like this. And thenThis is like this. So anyway the point is that the body and the face OK so connected and especially eye area and shoulder are so connected and also mouth area lower face and pelvis are so connectedThere are multiple factors to contribute to a symmetrical face in terms of face postural facial expression habit by body posture body habit movement habit model. So much to patient asymmetrical face as well so it's important to fix body body posture if you want to have more symmetrical face.So let's work on fast. I hate not eyesight but eye height height of the eyes. So my guess is this is a bit higher and this is lower right.So a shoulder is like like this. Yeah. So it's like this like maybe it is.I didn't I couldn't tell.What do you think. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe that's right. I think this is a little bit higher don't you think. I'm just relaxing just like this. Yeah. I don't know. It's almost same to me but. Could be. This is a little odd a little bit higher according.Same as this theory. So yeah. So I know that to fix the height of the eye fast you need to fix about theShoulder height. Right. So you know that to do that.My suggestion. Exercise.Because if the muscles are so stiff you you tend to keep this bad posture like this in the working computer out driving when you're nervous or something and keep it in a worsens so every time you go to the restroom or something and just by yourself and just relax like this then maybe exercise to be good knit and shoulder connected.Also I be careful about the back. So when you have a like a very very heavy bag you might be using this side a lot and then this becomes tense. That shoulder becomes a tense because you're always using like this or you're always like this or so it's better to use the both shoulder as much as possible.Also hands over this this body posture is about to because when mute when you do it. Maybe I'm doing like. Like this. So this is a higher. And then I'll hand it over right. So this really worsens the muscle traits more muscle tension and this becomes the worse and worse and worse and it's harder to fix.Next one is the height of that mouth. So my guess I think this is a little bit higher and this is lower right. Like this.So my pelvis is this but not this side this side is high too. According to the theory. I'm gonna check that in front of big mirror. I don't have it right now so I don't know yet but yeah it might be true. Yeah. You might be trueIf you're corners of the eye the mouth is a little bit high like this. And then very likely that this corner is high to pelvis is tilted to this more higherSo that can be coming from various body posture have it for example when you sit down you cross legs and you do the same side. More way more than the other side. So if you have to cross your legs do the right alternate right side left side right side left side.Every 10 minutes I ride 30 minutes or something like that and tried to use the both side.Also my suggestion I learned this from my um my friend's doctor he told me that I tend to I have a tendency to just stand like this. So it's like this. So I'm using this side the more smooth. I'm using this side the more than this side. So this leg has lots and lots of tension which is not good. So you said to each side of the standing like this. Use your two two legs equally so that. Yeah. We get the same tension on the same legs. Interesting way to take your attention is you check your shoes. So this is my shoes. And then this is Maddie because I was wearing it in the rain the other day but if I carefully see that gum not gum the love. What's love about. The band. The. Soft. Part. Is this is more or less this which means I'm I'm using this side more than this.Let me know if this theory applies to you. I would love to know because I haven't really carefully checked it because I don't have a big mirror yet so I will let you guys know. Anyway thank you very much for watching. If you're just in more Japanese and beauty health tips visit face yoga. I'll talk with interest in my practice session. Check the Web site too. And also my Instagram Facebook app Coco Ohio. Since yesterday. I said tick tock. So we'll see how long I can I can continue. But we'll see because everyone is doing it so I thought I'd like to try. I think it's I call them it's face yoga with couple. Flops being the next to get out by. Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous 3 tips to make eyes more symmetrical | How to correct asymmetrical eyes with 3 tips Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Next Why you should always just a little bit Tuck career chin. Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/19/asymmetrical-body-causes-asymmetrical-face"}
Lifting Up With Koko Hayashi - Koko Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Lifting up with Koko Hayashi Today we're going to do a lifting up with Koko Hayashi and today's guest is Ruth. She’s my friend. So Ruth, she's really a beautiful and attractive and young beautiful lady but we did just, just now. We did. What was that like Instagram. Like stream and ask around people. You guys what. She should walk on. What part what base areas. And it wasn't like a lower part. Yes. Yeah! Like is. Yeah. Mine is so funny. Like look at. Like. This is like if it's makeup. Yeah! The jaw area, cheek area, lower cheek and we would like to work on more cheek bone area. More firm. yeah! more firm, lift it up so that if you have cheekbones a little bit more up and then you feel that under the eye area. So that you won't have the depth supple or, Yeah!So the first exercise is gonna be this area, cheek area. This is actually easy fix. So face yoga. I mean the face exercise work in general from outside. More big of muscle. This is big on muscle compared to the like of those tiny muscle inside. So if you do this on a daily basis, I promise you that you will see good result. Okay so let's do it. First exercise is , what was it? Anti-bulldog face. Bulldog, those are really cute saggy cheeks. Those are really beautiful dogs but not cute for us. That's why I just call it anti-bulldog face.Let me show you how everything is so like it.Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. Do you feel like really tighten up here. That's good. Yeah.Then one two three four five six seven eight nine ten. Yeah.So this is a really good exercise to train your facial muscles, cheek muscle and then stretching at the same time which is a key for elastic skin, elasticity training, stretching training stretching yourself stretching to the side and then Yeah. Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep.Yep. One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.Wow! I feel it. Yeah I feel it right here. I'm still feeling it right now.So you pause out next one was more like up under the eye. It's like a fat loss. If you, if your cheekbones a little bit more up and a little bit more here, some fuller, looks very different. Yeah. So I would like to work on cheekbone exercise and there are multiple cheekbone exercise but my favorite one.Let's let's do that.So let me show you how…Let me explain. First of all… and then slowly all…..show me upper teeth. 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 at least 8. Well at least 8. I'm trying to do Puerto Rico love. And then kick the right inside and you use your finger to put. Lift up the corner of the mouth or teeth like this. Yeah yeah yeah. And then take the lower inside and then use your finger then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10…Like this. Wow! Wow! Well. Do you feel tired? I do. Well that's good. You feel that?I can feel it right here.If you feel tired, that's, that's means it's working, it's working. Yeah! If you don't feel get tired here you're not doing enough. You're right. Yeah yeah. We are literally working on this sleeping muscle to wake up. Ok. So the last thing this is related to cheekbone exercise. But I would like to introduce one face full stroke tip. So do you know resting bitch face? Do you? No? Resting bitch face is like this causing a wrinkle here and then yeah looks bitch, we don't want to look like bitch. Right?So there it's. The exercise is very very important but if you are doing bad face posture or bad the face of facial expression all the time you know you're not gonna see good result in. Because she's really good friend of mine. I really would like you to see good result. Yes. So I would like to introduce one Facebook strip tip, so when you're resting instead of not saying you're doing it but instead of it. Like thisSagging to the corners of the mouth sagging right. Instead of that. Just a little bit up and tried to feel cheekbone is like a really lifted up just a little bit. To touch the cheekbon area and be more like a high here. Oh. Yeah. Touch it and feel like. Imagine that you are lifting up the corners of the mouth by lifting cheekbone.Mmmm. Just a little, bit just a little bit.And just it's just a little bit.So when you're working on a computer when you are taking class or when you're driving or watching TV or something. I don't know. Whenever you have your resting your face is resting do just a little bit up corner, but not, not like really trying to lift up here, but lift up the corners of the mouth by lifting up the cheekbone.Now I'm trying right now.That's funny. I really can feel it. Yeah I actually tried but I guess I wasn't doing it right. No. You're telling me the correct way. Yeah.Here. Yeah. It’s more like here in cheek muscles. I feel that when you're resting right you can feel it.Yeah. That's good. OK.So are you gonna do exercises?Oh yes. So I like keeping some promise or homework or something like that after the session because I really like to see good result.So maybe after tonight I mean after this filming you drive right? Yes. When you're driving when you're resting you can do this lift up cheekbone resting face. Yes and maybe. And how….Through. Actually, all the three exercises can be done when you're driving. Yes. And I hear that you go to school today. Right.Oh yes. Yeah. And then a class. So basically I actually working on my second business. And I created some innovative set of sheets and oh and I'm working now.Great. Yes. Check the link in the description below if you're interested in very very innovative idea about bed sheets products. Yeah. So when you go to school tonight make sure that when you are resting corners of the mouth. I mean cheekbone just a little bit up even from today. Those good. So I guess when I do the exercises by myself I, I notice right now that I don't do it correctly because I'm not feeling the same results. So I guess yeah. Because she was watching my YouTube video before by herself. Yeah yeah. So I've been working on this but I guess right now I do feel something, but doing it with you right now it's or sizes I apply it then put attention so I guess and right now it just the exercises with it. I can feel right now. Right now, begin I can plug right here and I can feel that right seat right here which are the muscles that we target today, was sleeping, so it just woke up, they're very awake. Good. Good. Good.That is it for today. Thank you very much for watching! Check out my Instagram, FB at Koko Hayashi and website, face yoga with koko.com and see you in the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Tighten upper neck skin Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Next 3 tips to make eyes more symmetrical | How to correct asymmetrical eyes with 3 tips Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Lifting Up With Koko Hayashi - Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/2019/2/19/lifting-up-with-koko-hayashi"}
how to fix asymmetrical face — Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Posts tagged how to fix asymmetrical face How to fix asymmetrical face. | Koko Face Yoga Today I'm going to talk about the asymmetrical face how to fix asymmetrical face.I've done lots of video about how to fix asymmetric offers in the past but I was just reading some Japanese book and there was some interesting information that I learned from this book. And yes so I'd like to introduce the cut some kind of a theory about asymmetrical face and how to fix those problems. Read More Koko HayashiFebruary 12, 2019how to fix asymmetrical face Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "how to fix asymmetrical face — Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/tag/how+to+fix+asymmetrical+face"}
3 Reason why You Should Tuck Your Chin | Face Yoga Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Why you should always just a little bit Tuck career chin. Hi guys. Today I'm going to introduce three reasons why you should always just a little bit tuck you chin in.Because of long hours in front of computer or something and you might be always doing working like this and it has over body and then chin, chin is like out. And then like this. Including me. So. But this is really bad because of three bad side effects for the face. Number one, when the neck is like this. So you see that my chin, not the chin but the neck is like shrink here right? Yeah, and then this part is just hanging.So when this happens the neck is shrink, the cause tension in the muscle and then it distribute to the skull here. B B B B B B B B B B B B. So all that when the neck has tension the skull gets harder. Lots of tension too, because it's connectors are connected and when that happens the skull gets harder harder harder and then it's like a pulling from like this. Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep down, like from the top down. So ten, the skull is like really pulling down, then because a skin is attached to this skull. The skull here, right, because of the gravity because of this tension on this ah, it's tagging just like a hanging down when this hanging thing. This is pulling and this skin is hanging. When you do it this position for a long period of time of course the skin is stretched too much. It's like skin is with the gravity it's pulling down. But the skull is pulling up.So like beep beep beep beep beep like a beep beep beep beep beep beep like a pulling each other. So you get more excess skin because of that sagging position. And then when you have excess skin of course you're gonna get sagging skin. It's like. The, because of this position, the skull gets become a little bit tight, tighter and then shrink shrinker. What’s what to say… become short the skull part becomes short and because the face is same size the skin has to be stretche , make sense?No wonder scalp massage really helps to see you lift up your skin because skull and face are so connected.Number two. You get longer face. So the theory is that because skull is pulling this forehead,up up up up up because of this pause posture. Right, so then, it's better to do like this. Yeah. Yeah.So the skull is pulling and then because the skin head is has gravity then this forehead becomes longer so window for head becomes longer. Obviously you look the long you look like longer face.The age, it's normal that face becomes longer with, with sagging with gravity big so you don't want to have any longer by increasing the height of the forehead anymore.Number three, because of this bad posture, all the nutrients, oxen, everything stop here and then it's not going to be distributed in a face even though a few even if you eat lots of I don't know like water or lots of nutritious food, it's not going to come to the face if you keep doing this because, this worsens and blood, for blood circulation and there's a big lymph node here which is supposed to detox a lot of toxins from the face to to the lymph node but yeah if you press here used to feel some pain, try it please.And then if you don't feel pain you're not pressing hard enough, anyway. This has lots of big lymph node and if you are your posture is like this. Lots of attention here and it's really about the toxins, it stuck here.So, if you don't want to have longer face, saggy face, blood circulation in the face please consider to have good body posture. But most importantly just a little bit tuck the chin in. If you already do like this bad posture you don't have to do more tucking thing. But if you do like me, if you are doing like this, but I mean just exaggerating. But I tend to do like this when I'm working on a computer which is really bad. So this is a good reminder for me too. But if you tend to do this back posture please be careful. Just good posture and not just good posture on the shoulder side but just a little bit tuck that your chin in to fix the neck.Thank you very much for watching! If you're interested in having me for your private session, please visit face yoga with koko.com and find me at Koko Hayashi on Instagram, Facebook and Tiktok. See you on the next video! Bye! Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019 Facebook0 Twitter Pinterest0 0 Likes Previous Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face | Koko Face Yoga Koko HayashiFebruary 19, 2019Asymmetrical body causes Asymmetrical face Next How to fix asymmetrical face. | Koko Face Yoga Koko HayashiFebruary 12, 2019how to fix asymmetrical face Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "3 Reason why You Should Tuck Your Chin | Face Yoga", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog/tuck-career-chin"}
Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Sessions Online Sessions In-Person Sessions Daily Courses App Products Certification Certification Instructors More Yoga Paper Before/After Symmetry Test Analysis Press Blog Contact Sign In My Account Blog Did you know how to do face yoga? The beauty of Facial Yoga is that you can do most of the exercise anytime anywhere. Read our all blogs for more. Visit us now! How to create agyo-sal (tiny eye bags) to make your eyes more defined, look bigger, prevent eye bags hi everyone today I'm going to introduce three interesting effective exercise to create more Eiger soul so I hope I'm pronouncing okay I guess why it's crying its but not the thing about Korean people but that bump here in Japanese its namida blue claw which makes tear back so it's Read More risk singhNovember 13, 2019 How to eliminate forehead line and wrinkles above eyebrows by Facial Yoga exercises so slowly slowly slowly slowly up and this 45 degree and down and then half hi everyone today I'm going to introduce a new exercise to reduce or prevent or eliminate or kill completely kill for headlines and also not just that some small tiny but annoying lines Read More Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 How to fix underbite/protruding jaw (chin) | How to chew, swallow, face posture, etc place your head heavy head on your butt aperitif is fourth and the lower teases backward when you chew like a choo-choo choo hi everyone today I'm going to introduce some great tips to fix look this over right or over what so and over chin if the chin is a little big for Read More Koko HayashiOctober 30, 2019 KOKO Face Yoga exercises/tips to eliminate/prevent/reduce marionette lines/jowls separation between this hard chin muscle and this saggy fat do not massage the marionette line hi everyone today I'm going to talk about how to fix eliminate or prevent not this one but marionette line in case you don't know what marionette line is but Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 7 Tips to anti-age your hands easily | Instant result to reduce veins on the hands, etc I twist because this part no Melanie instead of using electric dryer use always use for use paper towel you put your hand up today I'm going to introduce great tips to keep our hands younger number one sunscreen you might be applying enough sunscreen on Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Before/After in 5 years | How and where Face Yoga exercises changed my face at that time I didn't know about TCH and then slowly open but do not move your eyebrows who lifts up joint system hi today I'm going to talk about what changed in my face since I studied becoming very serious about face yoga exercises so as you can Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 How To Fix Asymmetrical Face this cider is easier it can be likely this side asylum hi everyone today I'm going to introduce one only one body exercise to fix a symmetrical face first of all if you are concerned about a symmetrical face please watch my video 7 that have it to cause a symmetrical face Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Asymmetrical tongue posture makes asymmetrical face | What is asymmetrical tongue posture? there's a gap this is bad I'm pressing here not here all right mmm the back of the tongue should be really touching and the pressing up and then I feel like hi everyone today I'm going to talk about asymmetrical tongue posture so what is asymmetric of time posture you guys know Read More risk singhOctober 30, 2019 How to asses asymmetrical face with teeth alighnment and how to fix | Chiropractic technique risk singhOctober 30, 2019 Instant face lift by stretching neck muscles | Fix asymmetrical saggy cheek pulling down like here then of course this area that cheap area becomes pulling down as well juju knee juice and you see you got your ability to do Keynesian hi everyone today I'm going to introduce quick easy stretch to offer you what's the word instant facelift this technique applied works for you if your the sagging is partially because of bad body posture basically we're gonna stretch this muscle Read More risk singhOctober 24, 2019 3 Exercises for slimming nose hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to make our nodes a little bit more slim number one use your finger and then close one whole nostril and then and keep this 10 seconds so let's try again I'm gonna do this side so exhale it's hard why do we do this exercise because with age nostril becom Read More Koko HayashiMarch 26, 2019 3 exercises to fix asymmetric chin Hi guys today I'm going to introduce three exercise and tips to make our gym more symmetrical the reason why I wanted to do this video is that recently I just did the old face and so my face and I thought oh my gosh um the bent chin is a little bit better than before like this don't you think it's a little bit better than before it's still ugly looking I know because of the surgery failure but still it's big Read More Koko HayashiMarch 24, 2019 HOW OLD AM I !!! Hi guys today I'm going to disclose my age I have disclosed my age in the past at other videos so you guys might know but some people might not know and I just got a big birthday so I'm gonna just say it in this March I turned 40 years old as a face yoga instructor it's important for you to know that how old I am but I didn't say that till now officially I mean in a big public announcement because I wanted to make a big deal Read More Koko HayashiMarch 14, 2019 Yawn exercise to make chin symmetrical Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to Yom you're like when you're sleeping and in the morning or something or even at night how to young because there's a really good trick to make our especially chimp more symmetrical disclaimer my chin is not perfect it's distorted it's not symmetrical because of the surgery but I've been doing this exercise and I feel like yeah it's good too good enough to introduce you Read More Koko HayashiMarch 13, 2019 3 Exercises to reduce jowls Hi guys today I'm going to do three tips and exercises to prevent reduce eliminate kill this gels the reason why I wanted to do this video is that gel is developing a mine on my faceunfortunately and it's really bothering I hate it I wish I had known this tip like long time ago that's why I'm doing this so that you guys can yeah start doing it I was a really regret that some things that I didn't do for a long time and I wish I had Read More Koko HayashiMarch 12, 2019 No more reading glasses Hi guys today I'm going to talk about I exercise so that you don't have to use reading glasses this exercise is great for preventing the use of reading glasses or even if you use it now with this exercise you will need to use reading glasses a little bit maybe less so let's try it but before going to the exercise let me explain why you need reading glasses with age because adjusting muscle i Read More Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 3 face yoga exercises for donald trump hi guys today I'm going to introduce three exercise that I would advise to Donald Trump the reason why I wanted to do this is that every time I see people stranger or even not stranger but regular people everywhere if I'm not thinking anything else I might be kind of thinking oh she should do this exercise he should not do that the facial expression or that kind of things all the time it's just my bad habit as a facial instructor yeah so I've been thinking maybe you might a lot of people who a lot of people know who hear Read More Koko HayashiMarch 8, 2019 Lift up, outer, middle, inner cheeks Hi, guys today. I like to introduce three exercises for cheekbones. I already cheekbone middle cheekbone and inner cheek balmBy the way, I say cheekbone but it's not the bomb that muscles are on the cheekbone, but it's the same similar idea. You get it right outer middle and Chic in our first exercise. Cheek muscle here. This is the biggest one and it's very very important to lift up this big one so that the middle one and another one Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019 Face Cellulite vaccum | Koko Face Yoga Hi guys today I'm going to talk about how to reduce fat in the face actually this video it's not really for me because I want to have more fat in the face I've gained weight because of that actually on purpose but anyway there are people who want to lose fat from the face so this is for you if you want to lose fat and if you want to gain more fat in the face this exercise. Read More Koko HayashiMarch 7, 2019Face Cellulite vaccum Why you should breathe from eyes and how to do so risk singhMarch 7, 2019 Newer Older Copyright 2023 Koko Face Yoga[email protected] | Los Angeles, CA, USATerms & Conditions Privacy Policy
{"title": "Blog | Koko Face Yoga Exercise Blogs", "url": "https://kokofaceyoga.com/blog?offset=1551984748993&reversePaginate=true"}
Koko Face Yoga Skip to content Your cart is empty Continue shopping Your cart Loading... Subtotal $0.00 USD Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Limited Time Offer 🚚 Free Shipping in USA 🚚 Search Search Cart Sleep Tape™ Beauty Sleep, Redefined Experience the transformation through nose breathing, tongue posture® and beyond. Try It Now We believe our faces deserve better aging. Achieve the best with Koko Face Yoga, THE natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Twitter Pinterest © 2023, Koko Face Yoga Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact us here Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.
{"title": "Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://shop.kokofaceyoga.com/"}
Sleep Tape by Koko Face Yoga Skip to content Your cart is empty Continue shopping Your cart Loading... Subtotal $0.00 USD Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Limited Time Offer 🚚 Free Shipping in USA 🚚 Search Search Cart Skip to product information Open media 1 in modal 1 / of 1 Koko Face Yoga Sleep Tape™ Sleep Tape™ Regular price $24.97 USD Regular price $38.42 USD Sale price $24.97 USD Unit price / per Sale Sold out Product variants Default Title - $24.97 - Sold out Quantity (0 in cart) Decrease quantity for Sleep Tape™ Increase quantity for Sleep Tape™ Sold out Gentle on skin: Made with a hypoallergenic, latex-free material that was originally formulated to heal scars, this sleep tape is gentle and non-irritating for all skin types. The tape's unique grip pattern provides a secure seal that helps keep your mouth closed throughout the night. Easy to use and remove: Designed for hassle-free application and removal, this sleep tape won't leave any residue or cause irritation when taken off. View full details Koko Face Yoga We believe our faces deserve better aging. Achieve the best with Koko Face Yoga, THE natural solution to regaining your youthful appearance. Why Are People Taping While Sleeping? 1. Nose Breathing Nose breathing has countless health benefits, like filtering and humidifying the air, allowing for better oxygenation of the blood, reducing the risk of infections, and promoting relaxation. It can also help regulate blood pressure and heart rate, improving focus and cognitive function. 2. Tongue Posture® aka Mewing With correct tongue posture (tongue up and flat on the palate), your face is lifted, achieving a defined jawline and reducing double chin. (Mewing 101) With the mouth closed, it is much easier to achieve this position, because when the jaw is down, the chin brings the tongue down. 3. Anti-Jowl When the mouth is open, it stretches the skin slightly. Although it’s a small stretch, you are doing it for 1/3 of a day every single day! Then, when you close your mouth, this stretched skin now shows as jowls. 4. Moisture If you want to prevent evaporation from a cup, you cover the cup with a lid, right? If you want to keep moisture in the face (& body), you should seal the mouth too. Otherwise, the body’s moisture evaporates, and you’ll get dried out. Keeping the mouth shut helps prevent mouth odor & tooth decay too. 5. Blood Circulation & Lymphatic Drainage Nitric oxide, which is produced in the sinuses during nose breathing (NOT during mouth breathing), improves blood circulation and lymphatic drainage. So it’s like you are receiving a facial massage while sleeping! 6. Reduces Saggy Skin When you continuously drop your jaw, it can lead to sagging skin because the downward movement of the jaw causes tension in the chin area (mentaris), which pulls the skin further downwards. 7. Wrinkle Reduction Our tape is designed to relax overworking muscles (those in red), so it reduces fine lines and wrinkles over time. In addition to the mouth, you can apply the tape to other areas of concern as well! Appeared On 3 Reasons Why You Should Use Sleep Tape™ Seal the deal for beauty sleep with our unique grip patterned tape, ensuring a secure seal. Originally formulated to heal scars, this specialized material is safe and non-irritating for all skin types. Hassle-free application and removal: Unlike individually packaged or hard to tear tapes, our tapes are designed for less is more. Collaborated with ⚠️WARNING⚠️ Ignoring this could cost you - Obstructed sleep- Less focus- Saggy face- Dry skin and more… Will It Really Work? 76% of people in the sleep study reported improvement in the sleep quality, after using mouth closure tapes during sleep. (Source:The Taiwan Institute of Health and Welfare, 2022) "Life Saver" says Celia Have a Question? We Can Help! Do you have money back guarantee? Yes we offer 30 day money back guarantee, because we would like you to be fully satisfied with your purchase. Email us the order number here. Can I use the sleep tape if I have sensitive skin? Yes, its material is medical-grade silicon, hypoallergenic, and latex-free. Is the sleep tape reusable? No, it is meant for single-use. Due to the body's moisture, it will be less adhesive after a night. Will the sleep tape leave any residue on my skin? No. Can I use the sleep tape alongside other skincare products? No, it is not recommended to apply the tape on the lips if there is Chapstick or lip balm present. However, it can be applied on other areas with wrinkles, such as frown lines between the eyebrows, while using skincare creams. Can the sleep tape help with snoring or sleep apnea? Yes, because mouth closure helps improve smoother nasal breathing. Can I use the sleep tape if I wear braces, dental appliances, or CPAP? Yes, it is beneficial to keep your mouth closed to aid in teeth alignment. Additionally, our tapes assist with smoother nasal breathing when using a CPAP machine. Can children use the sleep tape? Yes, but with adult supervision at the beginning. Please ensure that children can safely use the tape before leaving them unsupervised. Can I wear the sleep tape while sleeping on my side? Yes. Can I apply it on any wrinkles? Yes, but it will be more effective on wrinkles caused by overworked muscles. It helps to relax those muscles for better results. We believe our faces deserve better aging. Achieve the best with Koko Face Yoga, THE natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Twitter Pinterest © 2023, Koko Face Yoga Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact us here Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.
{"title": "Sleep Tape by Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://shop.kokofaceyoga.com/products/sleep-tape"}
Products – Koko Face Yoga Skip to content Your cart is empty Continue shopping Your cart Loading... Subtotal $0.00 USD Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Limited Time Offer 🚚 Free Shipping in USA 🚚 Search Search Cart Collection: Products Filter: Availability 0 selected Reset Availability In stock (2) In stock (2 products) Out of stock (1) Out of stock (1 product) In stock (2) In stock (2 products) Out of stock (1) Out of stock (1 product) Price The highest price is $3,664.50 Reset $ From $ To Filter Remove all Sort by: Featured Best selling Alphabetically, A-Z Alphabetically, Z-A Price, low to high Price, high to low Date, old to new Date, new to old Sort 3 products Filter and sort Filter Filter and sort Filter 3 products Availability Availability In stock (2) In stock (2 products) Out of stock (1) Out of stock (1 products) Clear Apply Apply Price Price The highest price is $3,664.50 $ From $ To Clear Apply Apply Sort by: Featured Best selling Alphabetically, A-Z Alphabetically, Z-A Price, low to high Price, high to low Date, old to new Date, new to old Remove all Apply Apply Remove all 3 products Certification Installment Certification Installment Regular price $3,664.50 USD Regular price Sale price $3,664.50 USD Unit price / per Sleep Tape™ Sold out Sleep Tape™ Regular price $24.97 USD Regular price $38.42 USD Sale price $24.97 USD Unit price / per Sold out Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark Regular price $0.00 USD Regular price Sale price $0.00 USD Unit price / per We believe our faces deserve better aging. Achieve the best with Koko Face Yoga, THE natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Twitter Pinterest © 2023, Koko Face Yoga Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact us here Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.
{"title": "Products\n – Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://shop.kokofaceyoga.com/collections/all"}
Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark – Koko Face Yoga Skip to content Your cart is empty Continue shopping Your cart Loading... Subtotal $0.00 USD Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Limited Time Offer 🚚 Free Shipping in USA 🚚 Search Search Cart Skip to product information Open media 1 in modal Open media 2 in modal Open media 3 in modal 1 / of 3 Koko Face Yoga Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark Regular price $0.00 USD Regular price Sale price $0.00 USD Unit price / per Sale Sold out Add to Cart 1492 X 1920 px for print out on letter size and/or A4 paper Share Share Link Close share Copy link View full details We believe our faces deserve better aging. Achieve the best with Koko Face Yoga, THE natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Twitter Pinterest © 2023, Koko Face Yoga Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact us here Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.
{"title": "Sleeping & Overworking Facial Muscle Anatomy without Watermark\n – Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://shop.kokofaceyoga.com/products/sleeping-overworking-facial-muscle-anatomy-without-watermark"}
Certification Installment – Koko Face Yoga Skip to content Your cart is empty Continue shopping Your cart Loading... Subtotal $0.00 USD Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Limited Time Offer 🚚 Free Shipping in USA 🚚 Search Search Cart Skip to product information Open media 1 in modal 1 / of 1 Koko Face Yoga Certification Installment Certification Installment Regular price $3,664.50 USD Regular price Sale price $3,664.50 USD Unit price / per Sale Sold out Product variants Default Title - $3,664.50 Quantity (0 in cart) Decrease quantity for Certification Installment Increase quantity for Certification Installment Add to Cart Share Share Link Close share Copy link View full details We believe our faces deserve better aging. Achieve the best with Koko Face Yoga, THE natural solution to regain your youthful appearance. Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Twitter Pinterest © 2023, Koko Face Yoga Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact us here Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.
{"title": "Certification Installment\n – Koko Face Yoga", "url": "https://shop.kokofaceyoga.com/products/certification-installment-1"}